"In this country, we speak ENGLISH" -Donald J. Trump
The entire debate was a big virtue signaling contest. Democrats are a total joke.
Was he running for President of Mexico? You know I couldn't tell.  What an embarrassment.  I thought at one point he was going to jump up and stand on the lectern to get noticed
Literal 🤡🌎
It was so hard to watch that, and they kept on doing it. Did they not learn anything from when that Kennedy dude did it? It's awkward and insulting to Hispanic voters.
As a Texan, it embarrasses and worries me that millions of people almost made this clown a senator for our state.

The greatest state in the union is going to fall.. We simply cannot withstand the onslaught with the border being here and California filling up.
"¿Cómo estás, compañeros hispanos?"
Biden is going to speak fluent Bubble Guppy tomorrow.
Idk I’m pretty sure the mods were speaking Spanish most of the time too
Well what's a more Hispanic name than "Bob"
But he doesn't have a better guac recipe than Jeb!
It actually felt like a bunch of high school freshman having their first debate. Dodging every question, trying to flaunt their "ability" by mindlessly spouting out sound-bites.

I got 10 minutes in and had to turn it off
God damn I love this subreddit
Sunset Riders' Cormano is more of a patriot than Beto the douchebag.
La raza supporter for sure
Just wait till Butt gag answers a question in Norwegian tomorrow
What a bunch of wankers. Can't wait for tomorrow's shit show
You guys are missing the best part about this.

First O’Rourke speaks Spanish. But then De Blasio breaks out his black son. Now Booker is fuming. So he tries to break out the Spanglish and totally bungles it.

This thing was a shit show.
yo hablo es-pan-ol
#The English language coheres America
He looked foolish
butbutbut did you guys see [Beta's closing statement???](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hzr6RRlCres)
Yes.  He had his canned Spanish response to a question he had advance notice of.   It's all fake.  It's all pretend.  There is nothing genuine or honest about a  DNC primary election.   The fun part is watching Democrat voters getting screwed then shrug and act as if it never happened.
“Beto is anim dom. Is fear diapanach mé.” , is what he wants to say
Sorry to break it to you guys, but Beto is in no way fluent in Spanish.

Spanish it the easiest language to "read" out loud phonetically. 

His grammar and grasp of understanding that Spanish's moderator's goading were horrific. 

Don't get me started on Cory Booker's feeble attempt!
Tacos tacos, jamaica, tamales. Vote for me I speak Spanish
Why not? Spez is pretending to be unbiased, fair even.
TODO ES GRATIS!
someone speaking Spanish does not mean that they are trying to present themselves as Hispanic. But his blatant pander to the Latino community was funny.
>  Sadly, Americans think english is the only language they need. 

\- A person on Twitter

&#x200B;

I mean, it literally is the only language you Americans need to learn. Us hispanics had to learn english because we wanted to get paid more than we did in latin american countries, only thing spanish benefits the common people in the US is that you can understand others, that's about it.
“But muhhh no official language!”
Cultural appropriation. I have to call people by their own set of rules.
Virtue signaling to foreigners. 

What a disgrace.
Clown and Pony show.

No issues were discussed, just brushing up on their Spanish and talking about how proud they are of their VERY black son.

The pandering here is unreal.
Yeah but **AS A WOMAN** I say it better.
[removed]
Listen to his accent, he's a white dude speaking Spanish.  

He was speaking real slow too, like he didn't really know the language.  Almost as bad as Bill Di Blasio's Spanish...my goodness that speech in Trump Tower was shit-tier awful.  At least it sounded like O'Rourke knew what the translation was.
H**** h****
It's a way for them to separate people. I've never met a American that didn't speak English.
Texas is becoming more blue because so many business have left California as a result of the taxes. People follow the jobs back to Dallas

Even though the Dems preach higher taxes, most of them don’t actually want to pay them, they want everyone else too
Robert Francis is a very traditional hispanic name indeed
No one does...
Spot on. No plan how to be bipartisan either. They think they are just guaranteed a win because the bad orange man can't win.
Seriously. I joined only because of the quarantine, totally satisfied with my decision already.
You'd have a point if he wasn't using a fake nickname to pretend to be hispanic instead of his real name ROBERT FRANCIS.
I mean, you would have a point if his senatorial campaign didn’t set a precedent of trying to make him seem Hispanic.
English should be mandatory everywhere. Almost every programming language is written in English.
 Not true.. in Florida a lot of jobs require being bilingual or you will not work. In parts of south Florida they speak mainly Spanish
[removed]
We'll see how sure you are when you find yourself in a Paris cafe and I have all the croissants!
*in most states
>Virtue signaling to their foreign voter base

FTFY
It’s the only voter demographic the Dems know they have a chance with.
A fake Mexican (really American) trying to appeal to fake Americans. (Who are really Mexican)

What a clusterfuck our nation is.
Your comment was automatically removed because you linked to an anti-Trump domain. Please use archive.is for this website so we do not give them any undeserved traffic.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/The_Donald) if you have any questions or concerns.*
que hay en el bolso ?
donde esta la biblioteqa ?

vote for me, I am 100% real authentic hispanic
That’s inciting violence right there buddy
The funny thing is I went to Vietnam and didn't meet anybody who didn't speak English there.

The world is learning English, why is it so bad to expect Americans to do the same?
A great post made the front page of /all today about how millenials want government to enact radical changes to combat climate change but 67% wouldnt pay an extra $100 in taxes for it or buy an electric car. The comments were full of people making excuses for their hypocrisy.
please clap
Lol 😂 I didn’t know his name was Robert Francis. Why does he want to hide??? But you gotta be kidding yourself if you think O’Rourke sounds Hispanic. That’s super Irish sounding to me.
The terms are arbitrary, especially at a low level. You can switch to different languages to code. The reason all programmers speak English is simply that's where the money is, and what all of the good tutorials are in.

Now math in CS, that's a different story. You should know Russian too. There's a lot of mathematical research in certain areas that do not have correspondent translation in English. That's why Russians have an advantage in CS.
[deleted]
You think it's limited to south Florida?
Miami area especially, but Orlando's getting that way as well due to American citizens from Puerto Rico that never bothered to learn English fleeing the island they destroyed by electing lefties.

I'm not one to point fingers, but our immigration policies are ridiculous. When my family came here nobody outside of our/your own little ethnic island/neighborhood/community spoke your language. You had to learn English to interact with everyone else. The Cubans have an excuse because of wet foot dry foot and fleeing Communism. The non-refugee immigrants should all speak semi-fluent English as a prerequisite for getting citizenship. Not just answering a questionnaire.
What language is that?
It's just the truth. If China were in the position that the US is in, we would all be required to learn Chinese. It's a matter of hierarchy. Everyone else needs to learn English, but native English speakers don't really need to learn other languages.

I'm talking about NEED here.
i’m 50% hispanic and if I knew that beginning my junior year I would have been a national hispanic merit scholar.  

I was no scholar according to the PSAT.  Rip fancy scholarships.
English is considered the global language of business. 1.75 billion people (1 in 4) speak it. If you want to do business around the world, you pretty much have to learn it. When I speak with companies in Taiwan, they speak fluently with almost no accent. It is also as of 2008 mandated as the official language of aviation.
BECAUSE ITS LIKE SO RACIST OK
They want those rich other people to foot the bill for their utopia. Imagine my shock.

Voting age should be raised to 25.
It is super Irish sounding, thats why he leads with his fake name Beto.  Look at his campaign materials from 2018, no last name to be seen.
Bullshit. The reason most programmers ~~speak~~ use English because the mass majority of modern conventions were created in English speaking universities such as UC Berkeley. I'm sure there are some coding languages that can be translated reliably.

I also think it's dumb that the US has not adopted Metric. For similar reasons. 

Edit, meant use, not speak. Sorry it's late
If every coding language is written in English and you don't know English, do you think it would be easy or difficult to learn coding?
More than half of the people living China have neither indoor plumbing nor electricity. Think it's safe to say I won't be doing business with them. (Not to mention, there are a dozen different "Chinese" languages. Stating that people should learn "Chinese" is as ignorant as stating that people should learn "European.")
Not at all, number wise sure there are more Chinese speakers in Asia as there are more Chinese people. Likewise, China has a lot of business and a lot of money to be made by people that invest. 

Do some outside of China speak Chinese (mandarin to be clear which there are vast people who speak vast dialects mainly divided into northern and southern) for business reasons, absolutely. 

However English is the language of trade which every CEO of every large company from Tokyo, Beijing, Moscow, Kolkata, Bangalore, Ahmedabad, Cario, Berlin, Paris, London, ETC. ETC. speak. Even when both speakers are not native English speakers, what language do they use? That's right English.

No English speaker has to point at reasons why, if you're in an English speaking country trying to do any form of business, that you should speak english....

When the leader of Japan and say Bolivia have talks guess what language they use unless they need press which they will have a short conversation using interpreters?

English is the human language, get over it.
[deleted]
Never said that. Was responding to the person who said they had to speak English to get a job.  Not in today's society
Fixed it
It's dominance, a dominance that we control. 

Who gives that up? English is spoken between people that are not native English speakers but don't know each other's languages. Its Humanities language. See Trade.

Maybe it shouldn't be called English anymore but simply language.
It's the same in the UK.

So many people say "I'd happily pay more tax to fund x, y and z." When it's pointed out that they can pay extra right now, without increasing the tax rate, they say "The whole point is to make others pay extra too."

Ridiculous.
[deleted]
You got ‘em mixed brother! Cantonese in HK, Mandarin in PRC
I'm using Chinese as a basic term, because I didn't know what form of Chinese it was. It is technically Mandarin Chinese, at 1.1 billion speakers.
All good, was just pointing out that it's sadly ubiquitous.
Curiously the only post I see on the list that has no karma count....

GIVING ME THAT BIG THINK
My 50-something father who doesn't use reddit just joined to subscribe here. So proud ♡
I will go down with the ship if that's the way things are going! Then we will figure out what our next move is.
The number is definitely larger.  Even if reddit does not tamper with the numbers, there are many like myself that lurked for a long time before logging into reddit once again to view my favorite sub.

SPEZ:  To more elegantly state my thoughts..  Though it has been posted many times and we all know it to be true, this quarantine by Reddit will backfire on them.  Not only will this bring new subscribers due to the Streisand effect, but it will bring many out of the shadows and many more that are curious as to just what is going on here.  

The end result of all this?  The red pills will flow.
every bullshit maneuver they make against this sub only strengthens my support. They aren't fooling anyone.
You log on? I never log off.
I’m not going any fucking where.
I will not be intimidated or bullied!
Trump 2020
WHAT HAPPENED TO THE BUILD THE WALL UPVOTE BUTTON NOOOOOOOOOO I NEED IT!!!
lol some leftist at reddit had a rage deleting a lot of site data at The_Donald.
Nope. I'm not going anywhere. Reddit just helped Trump win in 2020, and the tears are going to be delicious.
Holy chit balls 6 years! Frickin yodapede
However many we number, we must double our efforts
Turn every arrow orange. Every. Single. Arrow.
That Vox commentator can openly call for politicians to be milkshaked and face no social repercussions. We simply support the president and be constantly harassed. CONSERVATIVES ARE THE MOST OPPRESSED GROUP IN AMERICA. WE ARE CONSTANTLY GASLIGHTED AND SLANDERED BY THE MEDIA. Name one other group you can openly viciously  mock and demean and get away with it. Disgusting that conservatives have to advocate for basic respect even though we give more than enough respect back. Voice our opinions? Leftists make advertisers run with their tail between their legs. Run for public office? “Anti”(hint, they’re not) Fascists milkshake us. THIS IS ASSAULT. Conservatives are routinely humiliated and assaulted for their beliefs which is applauded by the left. They do this so constantly that Maxine Waters’ open call for the harassment of conservatives around America has been almost completely forgotten by the general public. Somehow, we’re the fascist, violent, Nazis. Newsflash to leftists, when you have to change the definition of concentration camps and cheapen the history behind them just to “own the cons” when all we do is make memes poking fun at you, you’re the toxic party in America, not us.
Heck even though im not american, this fucking pissed me off !! Clearly censorship by the left....
I'm here!
This is unbelievable. We’re experiencing censorship and we’re not protected?

Democrats get away with murder.
If they delete T\_D we wont have a say.

Pedes are always saying we need a fallback site but we never get consensus.
I lurked for a long time...til now. No more.
Do not go gentle into that good night.
Old age should burn and rave at close of day;
Rage, rage against the dying of the light.
We FIGHT. I’m ready to hold the line along side you boys, we’re in this for the long haul
Dear spez,

You're a cuck.

Sincerely, Dragonfireheart
*Checking on station...*

**Fire up the VPNs, Pedes! The Second Coming of the Meme War (2020) is going to get messy...**

#We. Will. Prevail. As. Always. MAGA 🇺🇸

Spez: Bill Clinton is a rapist.
If Reddit bans this sub, then I am 100% convinced that doing so will push EVERY SINGLE PERSON on this sub to vote for Trump in 2020. We will not be silenced!
They divide our sub count by 10 as revealed by that advertising blunder awhile back. Our actual subcount is over 7.5 mil.
I see a gray arrow and I make it orange!
these arrows don't run!
We will not be suppressed! We will not be silenced! Build the wall fuck you we are the WALL!!! III%ers silent majority. They will reap it!!! We will MAGA in 2020! 👍👍👍
Here for the President.

I was previously banned now I'm free
If this is the hill we die on, then so be it. I will stay until the end, this ship is too important to flee.
I’m keeping my feet planted in the ground until the Reddit admins rip the ground away.
I run TOWARDS this sub! 🤗
Reddit communist assholes can go fuck themselves.
I don't know where to ask this so I'm asking here.  

How do I get a flair?
Yay I'm #3000
It’s not about running, it’s about revenues for the enemy.
DROWN OUT THE SJW PROPAGANDA! TRUMP!
here we fight, here we fall
I've watched the subscriber numbers go up by over 200 in just the last hour.

Edit:  another 200 in the 20 minutes since I posted this
Canadian here rooting for you guys, stay strong!
These colours don't run.
Remember they do not actually care about violence. Do not let them even have the argument. They are lying. Call them out on it.
You are not alone Pede I do the exact same thing! And I've been here very near the beginning as well! We will continue to MAGA!!!! Fuck the shills!
We have the best Pedes don't we folks?!?!
Running away is for figs.
Feet planted. Listen, yes- we’re the fair ones, and yes- we’re also the firm ones. The censorship here is strong and is riding the line against unconstitutionality re free speech. Last I heard, it’s a stereotype to blame a group for the actions of one. We’re a peaceful, thoughtful, welcoming bunch of American loving normal dudes and chicks. Please remember that you, you reading this, are an American and that this land is your land and mine. **Peace through speech and ideas is our cornerstone.**
I don’t know what this means “refuse to run”. This sub, this media platform and this media is owned by forces that are enemies to everything you believe in. It’s not a question of choice, this sub is going away - question is not “shall I refuse to run” question is WHERE DO WE GO?
No brakes!
Never running, and if they ban us, it'll only make us stronger.  Wearing my MAGA hat every DAY now!
The entire establishment just came down on us. This is the horde.

Google got caught with its pants down. Silicon Valley calls reddit brass to shut down T_D to get all eyes off.

I'm not American, but it's obvious this is tyranny at work and your constitutional rights are being jizzed on by well perked and salaried corporate scum from all 4 corners of the empire.
I'm in.  Fuck reddit.  

They've become everything they've claimed to stand against.
**DONE**
No sir. Im not going anywhere. Until such time as they destroy it completely or ban me from reddit entirely for being subbed, I wont leave. If TD goes down, Im staying till the very end.
Of course not. To do so would be heresy.
My family escaped the May and October communist revolutions. I prefer to stay and fight. Don't let your memes be dreams. ❤🇺🇸
Been lurking for the longest. I feel it's about time to let them know that we have the numbers this time
> I believe that number is much higher and our real numbers are being suppressed.

It's probably something like 130 million.
I will not run.  If nominated, I will not stand.  If elected, I will have no brakes.
it’s like when you ask a girl how many...

#You gotta multiply by 3
On the mobile app for me, this sub was blocked completely until about 30 minutes ago. There was  no way to choose "proceed anyway" past the hate group warning screen. It was just blocked. I could only access it from a desktop browser. When the "quarantine" went into effect and was no longer accessible via the mobile app, it was the first very real chilling effect I had encountered in a long time. It actually gave me physical chills as well if I'm being completely honest.

This group merely supports its constitutionally elected president. It makes funny memes. It points out hypocrisy. It's a community. It cuts through the media bias. It leans conservative which is great because I totally jive with a lot of the viewpoints and perspectives here. It's amazingly valuable and enjoyable. I didn't even vote for Trump as I once admitted on here, but I had been persuaded over time that he's the best man for the job. Apparently that makes me part of some evil group that needs to be destroyed and silenced. I already live in New York City where it's dangerous to voice support for him verbally. To think that reddit and tech companies also need to silence us online is absolutely terrifying.

I went on twitter immediately after discovering the quarantine to see what people were saying and it was a stream of accounts celebrating that a supposedly violent hate group was finally being taken down. It made me sick to my stomach. This sub has never been that at all.

Big Brother is real. It's really scary.
The quarantine came as a shock to me for sure. But I can't run.away because its only a matter of time before this shit gets *everybody*. So I might as well do my part and perish as a martyr, or succeed as a hero. 

MAGA evolves into KAG. KAG evolves into the true Utopia with minimal conflict and maximum reward.
Dude they quarantine subs a week before they ban them. This is reddit. I've been around for 5 years watching this shit. You won't run but you'll be banned. I know what I'm talking about. All you (we) can really do now is pick a place to regroup afterwards
I’m not going anywhere and if Spez and his evil band of censors take down this DOM I will troll every fucking sub on this worthless website and call out the totalitarian, un-American behavior that has become the norm of every fucking communist, leftist loser plaguing this great country of ours.  MAGA FOREVER!!!
Ultimately this sub will be banned. All this fluff about quarantine is just the precursor to "justify" the eventual banning.

The real question is where do we go from there? Voat?
The upvotes are suppressed even more than the sub number.
Just to let everyone know r conservative will be welcoming the\_donald refuges with open arms once the inevitable banning comes.
I will never run.    This sub is the only reason I am on reddit
First Post: Please let me share my journey to T_D...

First, I became aware of the media horseshit as soon as the Internet became available and I was actually able to seek information, rather than have it programmatically crammed down my throat between ads. I had always known something was amiss. Cable news just didn't reflect real life yet I could see it sought to influence it. Then I cut my cord in 2012. Life improved. 

Then I heard He was running for president. Huh, well I read plenty of good things about him in the 80's and 90's before I turned off my television for good. But I still saw how the media was shaping the world around me through YouTube and I didn't like it. So much bickering. So much agenda. Where was my information? I was scared for the future. 

Then I heard he shared my values. Eh, anyone can say that, but there's something about this guy...

Then I voted for him. And he won! Could this be the beginning of the end for the cancer?!!!? Please God, let this man be everything he says he is...

Then I stopped paying close attention to him. But I still kept my eye on things. He was actually trying, anyone could see that. My God the shitstorm this man was going through, yet he was still trying...

Then came the Mueller report. I couldn't stay away anymore. I had to know more. I had to know it all. I had to be among his people. My people. I subscribed to T_D and stopped looking at the front page; I finally knew it wasn't just abnormal, it was plain wrong and purposefully devious.

I lurked here at bedtime instead of my normal subs of the last several years. Then tonight, as I laid down to read all of the bedtime stories here that make me feel hopeful, I saw the quarantine. I thought it was over at first. Then I found out how to get in...

Then I made this post, my first one in this sub. I hear about others getting downvoted on other subs just because they post here. I don't care. Fuck my karma. Fuck downvotes. There is something infinitely more important than arrows happening here. 

I love you all. I love GEOTUS more than I can convey. Thank you all for making and keeping this place what it is. And thank God for Donald Trump.
I'd never heard of r/The_Donald, but came running as soon as I heard it was being censored.  If the alt-right SJWs fear something enough to censor it, it must be good.
Question, and please reply if you can (theres a reason im asking I promise). Since the quarantine, the old style of the arrows (with trump winking) is gone. Correct?
It's 7.5 million.  Years back it leaked that  TD was shown to be ten times as large to advertisers, but reddit doctored the numbers users see.  It would also make much more sense that a sub of 7.5 million is one of the most active subreddits
The left's fascist policy of censoring anything they don't like and arbitrarily calling us evil so as to dismiss us with hate? Won't change a single mind towards their cause. And, we're not going anywhere. This is what feelings over logic gets you. Feelings are okay, logic is okay, but without both you might as well be a robot with no practical use.
I’m not going anywhere.  Making us mad isn’t smart.
Not going anywhere.  I did not even know this happened as I had a busy day today.  Here for the long haul.  Fuck Google and Reddit.
TD is a fun place to come along and joke about politicians, engage in DEFCON 5 level arm-chair general conduct, update about what's happening in politics and be updated.  Sure, it's under fire from political organisations, and quarantined, and they try to censor everyone, but that's the fun of it.

I like browsing TD as much as then next guy.  If they somehow pull it from the internet, then I can take what I've learned here and apply it to my community, state and country with increased gusto.

In today's world, the sky is always falling.  The media acts like an end times cult and tries to flash images and influence your thought patterns.  Go outside and find out for yourself what is real.  

TD is a leisure activity.  I could always go apply for a construction job building the wall.  Maybe I could try my hand at security.  Who knows.
Britpede here. This sub is the only sane place on the Internet. I practically live here (although I’m a lurker). I’ve not seen calls to violence here EVER. The mods do a great job and redditers that frequent here are not filled with hate. Unlike the all the left-leaning cesspit subs...

These tech giants need a class action lawsuit or antitrust case bringing against them. They’ve gone too far. They’ve crossed a line and now they’re unashamedly meddling in the run up to the elections.  Facebook, Twitter, Google, Reddit - the whole dirty lot.
I MARCH FOR GOD EMPEROR!!!! WHOS WITH ME!!!!!
Not going anywhere! K.A.G.
Reporting for duty. Trump 2020. 🇺🇸🦅
What would it take to buy them out?
----

Seriously, is reddit a publicly traded company?

What would it take from 700,000 of us **(laughs in Centepede at that number)**, to buy a controlling interest in reddit, and boot these sorry excuses for human beings straight to the curb?!

Someone with the maths and stock market brains, please let us know.  

If everyone could come up with 25 bucks to buy a share of stock, and we collectively pooled those shares, would that be enough to gain a controlling interest?

Because I, for one, have had enough of the current policy of control, manipulation, and political fuckery that the shareholders and management of reddit are putting out!  

I think it is time for some good old-fashioned house cleaning at reddit HQ!
I've been on Reddit for a decade, lurked then created an account to join the T\_D.  So no, not going anywhere.  My oldest political account was on another site, had it for years. It was banned at the end of 2015 because I didn't hate Trump. There was a mass purging on many sites to stop his momentum.  That worked out well didn't it.
Can someone please tell me who SPEZ is are they the owner of reddit
I've been here since about 20k subscribers. This shit spells the end of reddit as platform and will end platform exemptions. Reddit is a publisher that censors and stifles free speech. 

Reddit will not survive 2 more years before the activity and active subscribers falls to unprofitable levels. Their bots are exposed and advertises are paying attention. 

Reddit is a shithole.
Fucking Reddit ... making me actually log in for this shit. Been a lurker since the beginning. This is the only subreddit I go to nowadays. TD is the only good thing Reddit has going for it and I would be happy to move over to an alternative that is more supportive to free speech.
Until they literally ban this sub, i ain't going nowhere.
Haven’t been active as much since I just read the posts and memes. But being quarantined really got me fired up. Sending support from Hawaii!

Listened to part of the democratic debate; had to turn it off since I had a meeting at work but all I can say about it is lmao
I have supported this subreddit since becoming a Bernout in August 2016. It has been a long and rewarding journey.


I've learned to look at the media with a more critical eye since then (thanks, NoAgenda podcast), and have learned to appreciate the idea of questioning everything. I see nothing wrong with supporting our president Trump and protecting the welfare of American citizens and the Constitution.


I'm not religious but I will say it still: God bless our president and the United States of America. Embrace your inalienable rights and work hard everyday.
It seems like someone from the other side posted this abusive comments deliberately on this subreddit to target it. Since all the accounts are anonymous, they are taking advantage of it to further their political agenda.
I just joined as a show of solidarity. Keep fighting, don't let them silence you!
Probably the only time i will ever upvote a comment with a hidden number.
Heard you got quarantined, figured I'd drop in.  Might not vote for your guy but I'll fight for your right to party.
This is bullshit - just deleted my reddit app cause I couldn’t get here through it
Been a lurker since nearly the start of this subreddit and finally created an account 2 years ago even though I still mostly lurk. I’m not going anywhere.
I haven't posted here in over a year but I lurk regularly. Anyone who actually would visit this sub instead of just taking whatever bullshit they first hear at face value would realize that this is absolute censorship. I'm not the first to point it out but it's no coincidence that the debates are tonight. Reddits scared someone will scroll past a 10 second clip of Bernie doing his usual crap and see a post they don't agree with. Need to look their best for the overlords
Cant silence us, we will flood the rest of the subs before we go
Remember, China owns Reddit now. They are one of the biggest donors to this platform and censorship will be the norm.
Post pro Trump articles in all the random sub reddits you are subscribed too. Or start up another Pro Trump sub reddit. They can't shut them all down.
**AND** get a good adblocker. Don't need Reddit getting any money.
T_D is seriously one of the best places on the internet
I only joined Reddit to participate in T_D because this is just about the only place on the internet that supports our president.
You guys are the only thing keeping me on Reddit
This place has tbh been the friendliest sub I've been on in the time I've been on reddit. I've been mostly Libertarian/Independant my whole life, but the movement I've seen since 2016 has given me hope for the future, and America. I've been here since 2016 and dont have any intention of going anywhere. You guys rocks. I love the memes.
Nope, I sure as fuck ain't going anywhere. In fact, this makes me want to fight even harder against the NPC's who call as hateful. I will be here to the end, mate.
I am here because I refuse to bow to censorship, and because despite having some issues with Donald Trumps choices I generally like the direction he is taking the US.

&#x200B;

 When you tear out a man's tongue, you are not proving him a liar, you're only telling the world that you fear what he might say.
pede, reporting in! Not leaving!
I am a long time lurker on this sub and have never actually posted. I like to browse through for a good laugh or two before I go to bed. I have never once seen a post that suggested violence towards the police here. 

I joined and left this first comment today. I don’t think that it’ll make a difference in the fate of the sub, but maybe I can be a grain of sand that helps to make a heap. Censorship is getting out of hand.
Who wants to be that this "comments" that got us quarantined are either fake or from leftists?
Time to take action against Big Tech. MAGA. Trump 2020.
Pissed tf off. Ive been subscribed to this sub for months. I don't need to see some fucking message warning about viewing this sub. Pissed me tf off.
With the suppression ratio of 14.6 that a 'Pede figured out long ago, we should be at a minimum of 10,950,000. I'm pretty sure Spaz ratcheted up the suppression along the way so the numbers should be *WAY* higher than that.
This is the only post from t_d showing up in my home feed.

How'd you do it?
This is the first step before reddit outright bans T_D 
Members of this sub have been talking about a contingency plan in case we are banned. Perhaps a new sub can be made?
The\_donald is the reason I use Reddit.

As long as it's here I'll log in to take part in the conversation. 

I will add tho, before I understood about karma points and was not able to leave messages, no moderator responded to multiple attempts to ask questions in regard to the policy, so I think there is likely a problem there as well.
Anyone else noticing how all the top posts are at about 90% upvotes, even while in quarantine? So people are still opting in just to downvote posts
760k*
Dug in, not going anywhere.
Ain't gonna let no censor, turn me around,

 turn me around, turn me around, 

ain't gonna let no censor turn me round,

 I'm gonna keep on walking, 

keep on talking, marching into the freedom land.
They mess with the upvote numbers too so this post doesn't prove much
Why does it seem like all of the larger communication/social media and corporate industries are run by lefties?  How the fuck did they get into positions of such power since they supposedly abhor capitalism and control??  (yeah, that may be a bit rhetorical)
What a bunch of fucking horseshit, it only makes me want to MAGA harder. Project Veritas must have triggered the fascists running the tech industry. Free speech is on the line, we better fight for it.
Not going anywhere
The only reason I'm posting in this shitty propaganda sub is because this censorship is pure, unadulterated bullshit.
First thing I check in the morning and last thing I check at night. 95% lurker but big-time fan and supporter. Serious question that I'm sure has been asked already many times.... Where do we go if (when) they shut this down for good? We need a back up plan. A real one.
i'm doing my part.  this was a set up from the get go.  reddit is adamantly attempting to quiet our voice.  

&#x200B;

i won't be silenced.  I believe in the elected president of the united states who has done great things for our country, and who has made my household greater than ever. 

&#x200B;

and then the left wants to turn all of this around and give it to those who haven't worked as hard as I have for what I have.

&#x200B;

i will not be silenced, leftists.
I'm here for the long haul! I'm in it to win it!  
  
Are you doing your part?
Long time lurker. Not going anywhere.
STREISAND EFFECT INCOMING
I am also a lurker, but this is pathetic. Reddit is run by cowards. What have they been promised and by whom? I don’t know, and I don’t care. All I know is that it will not work out well for them. They think they are part of the elite? They are beyond wrong. When they have served their purpose, they will be chewed up and spit out with nothing to show for their loyalty, I am willing to bet that it will happen sooner than anyone knows. They are willing to lose their soul, and refuse to see that they will gain nothing.
We will not go quietly into the night, we will not vanish without a fight! We're going to live on, we're going to survive. TODAY, WE CELEBRATE OUR INDEPENDENCE DAY
Daily lurker and upvoter through the app but don’t comment much. With how this sub has been treated by Reddit I’m not surprised. It was an inevitability not a possibility. YouTube, Google, Twitter, Pinterest, Reddit...quarantining the T_D isn’t the end of it. The far left won’t be satisfied until everything even remotely to the right of center is censored to oblivion.
No, I’m not either.
Maybe the GOP can set up a chat site. We can share memes and organize campaign activities. I don’t need this bullshit site anymore. Connecting with other conservatives IRL to share cookout recipes and shoot guns together would be a healthy outlet for us all. 2020 can be an election and a rallying cry for us all.
Added to home screen since you can't search the community on mobile at all
If it does get shut down completely, where is the next best place to go? I like the Donald because it's a catch all for news and information
Surprised it took them this long to make a serious move on this forum. But loosers always try to silence the opposition
If this is banned where do we go next?
I went somewhere because REDdit unsubscribed me.  But I noticed and came back.  And see that we are at 761K (x10) now... so it's not just me!
They have been looking for a reason to shut down The\_donald for a long time they probably blame TD for helping Trump win in 2016 and they want it shut down because of it.  It's sad the people posting violence probably were paid DNC operatives and they reported the abusive comments to shut us down.  Sick.    Google, FaceBook, Twitter and Youtube are working hand in glove to suppress the engagement of our community to silence those that support our President.  Sick.
Let's go fuckers upvote!!
Oh, I'll go, if the mass of T\_D migrates to another place.  That would be the demise of Reddit.
Something I heard from lefty chuds: “now that the quarantine is enforced, t_d will never have posts with more than 3k points”

17K+ with this one when I commented

🤔🤔🤔
I subbed because of the quarantine. Reddit doesn't want me to see what's here. I decide what I want to see.
A constant stream of news, tweets, memes. Not everyone is going to like that. The number is correct for who follow the sub.
Find a new site build your own get tf outta the tech giants ghetto
In light of Reddit's pinko policies pertaining to this subreddit, I have chosen to leave ALL other subreddits. 

The only subreddit for me is The_Donald until Reddit reverses their suppression of free speech.
What’s the backup site?
It is time to donate to the trump campaign, if this insights any sort of emotion in you. Use logic, unlike the libs and donate to Trump2020 or buy a MAGA hat.
Even the upvotes won't show the real number, pede. They mess with that too.
***FUCK THOSE FUCKERS***

the day they ban T_D is the day i log out of reddit permanently.

my question to our mods here though, or to anyone who might now.... do we have a secondary site? is T_D set up on Gab or somewhere else?
Banning this sub will cause a shitstorm Reddit is not prepared for.
Yeah if Reddit bans us I’m leaving 😂
I'm back home friend I missed you guys
quarantined and 7k upvotes.  Looks like they can't play dirty against this subreddit.
This is just dirty politics and censorship of different opinion 

And they dare say they want equality and free speech what a bunch of cunts 

This only increased my support
"Stand your ground. Don't fire unless fired upon, but if they mean to have a war let it begin here."

~Captain John Paarker, to his Minutemen on Lexington Green, April 19, 1775.
This was the first step to banning subs like cringe anarchy. I'll be surprised if this sub lasts the through the weekend. Its impossible to control this many people and make them follow the rules when even people who hate us can pretend and post as one of us. Just like the other popular subs. This fascism is disgusting and disheartening, but we must remain. If they ban us, move to the other subs and continue to spread the truth. Dont leave reddit, that would be letting them win!
take my updoot m8
I love that Reddit is building their wall higher.
I like free speech. 
Free. Speech.
Also, never buy reddit premium. Ever.
Any other web developer pedes here?  Maybe we should make our own site.
First Google silenced the truth. They said they will do anything to prevent another Trump presidency. A few days later this sub is quarantined. 
We are in deep, folks! 
We must keep fighting, but most importantly, be positive and fight them with kindness. Don’t play into their game.
We're being silenced now, what gives? We're not the bigots the media makes us out to be. Lets continue to fight this boys, they can't keep us quiet forever. I've seen way worse subreddits than this quarantined for violations or even flat out banned.
Would someone please tell me how to "opt-in" so I can see this sub from mobile app?
Quarantined, what a crock of shit.
Here til I die
Just makes me want to enlist in the Pepe army and start making memes now
I’ll never leave until they ban it and then I’ll leave with all of you to go somewhere else. This website can go fuck itself and the fruits who live on the other subs can go fuck themselves as well.
I've been waiting for the quarantine. I can't believe they were fucking stupid enough to actually do it. 

They really don't learn, do they?
We’re not locked in here with Reddit. Reddit is locked in here with us.
#MAGA 2020
I can’t even view t_d on mobile so I have to open a browser on my phone and login just to view 

This is getting out of hand
The show of solidarity here today has been moving. Not going anywhere.
I will stay as long as TD is not banned/censored. I only joined reddit for the Donald sub. Once TD is gone there is no reason for me to stick around this leftist shithole of a site. 

PS today Eric Trump was spit on in a Chicago restaurant. Secret Service grabbed the crazed drooling twat but Eric declined to press charges.
Many are called but few are chosen
Reddit has no shame
censorship is for fucks
Sign me up!!
Nope. Still here. But ready to post up somewhere else once they ban us. We all know banning is the goal.
I am with you all. To the end.
Upvoted
I'm not going anywhere! #MAGA
I’m not going anywhere.
I’m not going anywhere.
Support what you understand.
The sad fact is they think they're actually changing minds and influencing the election.

Trump is your president until 2024 whether you like it or not. If you aren't explicitly telling your Senators and Representatives you will dump them like a used whore if they don't trust-bust Silicon Valley you may as well be a purple-haired feminist.
To get in via desktop, if you were already subscribed:

Pull up DuckDuckGo.

Search on The\_Donald.

Look for the Reddit site in the results.

Click "Continue" after the dire warning that you will die if you read the site lol.

It's still there, just in a stripped-down version.
We must fight to the last grasp! The internet is the new public forum. We will not go away! We will make a stand. Conservatives are suppressed by big tech. I will not be silenced! We are at a crossroads in history. We will win!
Orange man good
Aussie Pede here .  I’m a rock.
I may be a lurker, but I'm not going anywhere.
I joined reddit because of this subreddit.
I’m with you brothers and sisters.

Nothing will keep me from my patriotic duty to support this president against the commie hordes
Strike us down and we shall become more powerful than you can possibly imagine!
We will stand. 

Every day, I am silenced. I'm not attempting to play a victim card. However, the fact remains that in California, conservative and furthermore support for our president runs low.

I've had enough! Show them we're not here to conform! Our beliefs stay ours, and no amount of silence or propaganda will change that. 

In the end, it only shows them as intolerant of others ideas and scared. This will backfire, Reddit!
Let me add my humble upvote.
We are the silent Majority!

We are America!
I just emailed President Trump about this.  Something needs to be done to stop silencing conservatives
This would have even more upvotes if this sub wasn't blocked on mobile apps. I use apollo and can't view the\_donald even though I'm subbed. 

&#x200B;

This sub has less hate than anywhere else on reddit. Just look through all and read the top 5 comments on each post. You'll see more hate in 5 minutes than browsing this sub for hours...
We're with you brothers...fucking stick together until the end. Donald J Trump is the democratically elected President of the United States of America and it angers them to no end that they can't change this reality, no matter how hard they try. 

Stick together, MAGA and much love my brothers, from England.
Burn the village, salt the earth. Go after reddit advertisers.
If /r/the_donald gets banned I will leave reddit. I've been around 12-years now and won't tolerate their bullshit excuse. I've been here basically everyday to browse the top posts and saw nothing supporting the reason for the quarantine. If this site is run by mentally unstable people, they need to shut it down and go seek help, I will not be their enabler.
I'm a proud quarantined deplorable.
Does anyone else have an issue of seeing the\_donald on mobile?
This proves the lefts ideology can’t stand up to the slightest criticism. They think they can ban and deplatform anyone to the right of their globalist communist ideals, remove all dissenting views, and continue to brainwash the masses with impunity. Will the center and right rise up and put a stop to this clown world?
I'm still here.
No brakes!
install an adblocker
I submitted my first post because of all this going on. I realize it may not be the best look to link my own post, but it's something I wish everyone would see. 

https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/c5y6tu/due_to_recent_events_im_speaking_up_to_highlight/

It's an example of the kind of nasty violent threats we Trump supporters receive on this website daily. They face no repercussions, yet we are targeted for mass quarantine supposedly over violent threats. Hypocrites. I wish everyone else would post their examples too.
Don't update reddit to the most recent update. On one phone reddit app I can see r/the_donald on my other that I updated I can't see it.
I've been here since late 2015 early 2016, I'm on everyday at work before and after.    Never leaving!!!
#Russian bot checking in
Not a chance
Reddit is a terrorist organization. Change my mind.
My thoughts on the matter.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N8i5NLyXZdc
It's shitty what they did but at the same time, that "quarantine" next to posts is so cool.
Reddit is such a cucked site
Yep. Used to this from Reddit.
There’s a war coming and I am happy to be banned on the battlefield among my based brothers.
I'll still never understand how we got quarantined before GenderCritical. I've reported that femcel shithole so many times and every ban wave I check, it's still fucking there.
The new sticky is basically bending over to Democrats who did this

Sorta pathetic 

No one here advocated violence against cops. 

Democrats are sick
We need a backup plan if it goes down though.
They dont know what theyve done. I almost feel sorry for them.
And then we all get banned for nazism
Damn right I'm not running, I'd rather go down with the sub. Reddits loss, this sub is pretty much the only reason I am on here, the rest of Reddit is too unbelievably toxic to browse for very long.
ORANGE ARROW BAD
I'm not leaving until this domreddit is banned... and when it's banned, I delete my account. Been here 4 years, 44k karma, and I will nuke it if they nuke us.
The only solution is a new platform
This reddit no longer appears in my list of subscribed reddits. This reddit no longer appears in my favorites... I can only get here by either keeping a link on my desktop, or clicking under messages and finding when I posted on here.

&#x200B;

Cry havoc, and release of the Keks of war!
I saw on the twitter they said admins took away mods ability to moderate? what the hell happened today
this is batshit crazy.

&#x200B;

shutting down our first amendment is an act of violence.  They fucking shot up a baseball game and music concert. They assaulting people with bike locks and faked hate crimes.

&#x200B;

We have done nothing wrong beyond having bibles and guns and maybe a little weed.

&#x200B;

In spite of this we have taken our country back and these fucking evil people, like jew-killing george soros and pizza-pedos HRC, Soetoro, Podesta, and Biden, are trying even harder at doing illegal and anti-american activities.

&#x200B;

They are already trying to subvert the constitution, and with a little more effort they are going to get themselves severely punished and humiliated- publicly.

&#x200B;

Why are they so fucking stupid?
Our numbers are probably suppressed but there are probably hundreds of thousands or maybe millions of lurkers as well
Mostly a lurker on Reddit, but I fully support our great country, everyone's favorite president and this sub.
I refuse to leave this great subreddit
Reddit will need to delete T_D if they want to see me gone. Deleting my account ain't enough, I'll make four more.

#COMEATMEBRO
Reddit won't let me give awards to comments in this subreddit. WTF is this?
Yeah. I am leaving reddit. I'd be open to starting a new platform, or working with an existing one.
We're Americans. We'll fight this lost cause for expression
same
I'm ready! How about you?!

\-Emile, Halo Reach
username checks out lmao
This shit will backfire as much as the phony Russian narrative.
I don't usually comment on threads, call me a serial lurker. But what has been done to this sub is atrocious and should be reprimanded. As a Republican in CA it is hard enough to be a Trump supporter, and lurking in this sub is what helps with that. Anywho, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I ain’t going anywhere. 904, DUVAL, TRUMP 2020 motherfuckers.
This cannot stand! It's blatant censorship and needs to be dealt with! I hope Reddit feels the heat now that word has gone out.
I'm staying until the very end! I've been apart of this sub since Trump won in 2016(With another account) and I'll be damned if I'm going to run away because some liberal thinks orange man sub bad. This sub has been like family to me, allowing me to talk with other people who believe in the same things I do when my local area and most of the internet is corrupted by liberalism. A small holdout of sanity in a clownworld.

Reddit can go to hell, I'm staying right here until we get banned. And if they ban us, we shall get revenge. Who's with me?
They are making sure you won't see the numbers, had to get on my desktop to get to here, my mobile is blocked, and searching to find the subreddit is not working.  it was removed from my favorites. the History in my web browser is how I got here.
I logged into my nearly 10 years old account just for this
That stickied post is insulting to our intelligence. I get why it’s there, but the people that make TD what it is know how to behave.
I'm not going anywhere until we all leave.  This stunt will hurt Reddit and the censorship happy tech giants pretty bad, not our movement.  But as a group we should have a backup plan for when the inevitable permanent ban comes down.  Plus I think  Reddit may have 2-3 years left as a popular platform anyway, then it'll go the way of MySpace, Digg etc.
\***761k Patriots**
I'm with you fools wherever we have to go. I hope we have a backup plan today was a big wake-up call. It's bigger than just us, tech is trying to influence elections with this BS and we can't let them. In my 2 years contact ng here daily I could count the innaprpriate comments all of which were downvoted on 1 hand. This is total BS, I hope the rest of Reddit takes note.
Don't stop there! Turn up every single arrow on this thread orange! Open fire!!!
This is literally fascism in action on their part. This has became absolute insanity.
I am so fucking sick of these people.  The left is a pile of endless dung that needs to be flushed.
Wow what a circus these evil leftists perpetuate.
Not going anywhere. I'm tired of this website thinking they can just suppress anything that hurts their feelings.
I'm down for the struggle, Fuck their censorship ways
The left just shows it's incompetence.

Trump 2020, my brothers!
Finally figured out to get back on here, what a joke the mobile app is how it doesn’t even give you a chance without going to log in on the browser
Honestly I think this is God's mysterious way to make TD as invigorated as it was during the 2016 elections. Glory to The Most High.
#DONALD TRUMP IS YOUR PRESIDENT
I have been apart of this community before GEOTUS took office, and before the sub count hit 45k. I do not plan on ever leaving.
100% support for me!
God bless us all!
We've been "quarantined" for years when they first started changing the algorithm to prevent us from showing up in the front page.

I wonder how long before they have to walk this back.

This is 100% purely political.

This is 100% a prime example of "election meddling"
fuck censorship
Let’s censor censorship!
I really wanted to delete my reddit account, but fuck these guys. Let's do it!
With you guys till the end. This sub is my home
I love this dom.

 I love these people, I love this community, i love the bots, i love the culture, i love that this dom gave me hope to leave a bad place and become a better and stronger person, i love that this dom made me love America more than I ever thought possible, I love that this dom taught me about guns and the 2nd amendment and capitalism, i love that this dom taught me about proper discussion and debate, i love that this dom is fact-based, i love how friendly and accepting this dom is, I love that this sub helped rekindle my relationship with God.

I know I'm spamming but I dont care. I love this dom so much.

I've been here since Pence was announced as Trumps pick in 2015. Deciding to watch a rally after hearing so much hate toward him and wondering what the fuss is about got me down this rabbit hole. Im going down with the ship and no one can stop me. I'll defend freedom to my last breath.
Gentlemen, it was an honor to be with you. Till the end.
They know we know the truth about Google and other stuff they try to brainwash the left with..that's why they try to suppress us.
[removed]
At this point I can't wait for Trumps term to end and watch as Democrats and liberals actually ruin the country like they claim is happening now

In 10 years they are going to wish Trump was still president
It's not running, its refusal to participate on their terms.

Also free market. Screw reddit.
r/The_Donald gets quarantined

The 5 people on the fence with their views: We need to run!

The rest of r/The_Donald: No, we need to fight.

Get ready.
What a stupid post, probably made by a shill. If they delete this subreddit what are you going to do ? This community needs a fucking backup plan not turning virtual arrows orange to tell your masters that 'you refuse to run away'. Why is voat sub so dead and overrun by antisemitic shills from shareblue ? It should have been given at least some life since reddit admin started to meddle with this sub metrics and ability to reach front page.
[https://imgflip.com/gif/34e7eo](https://imgflip.com/gif/34e7eo)
For the sake of freedom
I hope this will cause people to wake up
What the hell, T_D is on the frontpage for me again!

Even though I'm subbed, for the past months, t_d hasn't been on my frontpage, nor in the subreddit-list at the top.

Now, with the dom in quarantine, it suddenly is. Maybe the filter they put to block T_D from the frontpage doesnt work with quarantined subreddits? Damn amateurs.
Not Budging
All they do is make me fight harder to get the word out of their bullshit.  This tactic of theirs always backfires.
Not running!!
Regardless if you disagree with conservative viewpoints or supporters of Trump, it’s sad that perspectives are being silenced. The quarantine just proves that someone is tinkering with this site behind the scenes and that Reddit as a whole is bowing down to political correctness, just like every other website. Except 4chan and a few others.  Reddit is a place of discussion and silencing opinions creates an echo chamber, plagued by censorship and political correctness. No side is perfect, but only by embracing the parts of a whole can progress be made. Not liberal btw, but it would be nice if more left leaning platforms would follow their own philosophies consistently. Free speech is vanishing before our eyes.
Commenting for auto bans.
I am with you patriot! 


MAGA
11.1k uptrumps, 444 comments... I like those numbers!
Is a role call something we can do? Just a post asking for actives to chime in with a simple "here" or is that against some rule.
So now that the T_D is under quarantine does that mean that posts won't show up in my home feed/tab?
Checking in!
I think we should mass migrate to another platform, making that platform a significant destination and leaving a steaming crater in this shitlib echochamber.
BAN ME MOTHER FUCKER!  


I WILL COME BACK SEVEN FOLD!
Yup
I mean the whole thing is rigged and they are just making the mods dance for entertainment before banning this sub. If we were smart we would be working together on a replacement for reddit. I don't think any sub that I can remember has ever been able to do enough to lift the quarantine.
WE WILL OVERCOME!!! Too bad for stupid Spez he can’t suppress our votes. Looking forward to more liberal tears election night 2020
FUCK REDDIT


**MAGA BITCHES**
Hell no
HAHA
I love you guys <3
Stay strong!
Definitely not running, this community is literally the only place on the internet we supporters can go to discuss things without a leftist just popping in and insulting everyone involved solely because they disagree and not because they took the argument subjectively.

Seriously, fuck this site. We all know it was Maza's call to ban it that caused Reddit to take action, for all we know, those random comments were planted by Maza's supporters to give his call to ban the domreddit credence.

I don't believe this trumped up reason for quarantining us, this community has never been anti-L.E. and has been the most PRO-L.E. community I've seen!
I'd love to see a million man march on Silicon Valley. Block all the roads and parking lots with a huge protest, and force all their offices to close. Do the same to their data centers. Block everything.
GET FUCKED REDDIT CHICOMS!!!
I used to lurk, this was my primary maga source of news, once I stopped visiting drudge, so I'll be damned if they take this place out like they did with TRP sub. Been upvoting for like 5 hrs, This is our Bunker Hill guys, we might have lost the battle today but we will win the war!
> They say we are a community of 750k. I believe that number is much higher and our real numbers are being suppressed.

Probably. I view this place fairly regularly, but I'm not actually a "subscriber". I have never embraced the entire "subscribe button" fad and simply don't use it. To me, Reddit is just this crappy service that hosts forums.

There was this period of time when this particular one posted a big annoying thing badgering me to "subscribe", and this actually made me visit less often.

I DON'T WANT TO SUBSCRIBE. I WANT TO VIEW THINGS MANUALLY THE OLD FASHIONED WAY. I'M OLD AND I HAVE A LONG BEARD, AND I DON'T LIKE NEW THINGS.

Damn kids and their newfangled subscribe buttons. GET OFF MY LAWN!
serious question. how do i view my favorite site on mobile?
Shit backfired lmfaoooooo hella subs in such a short time
The media has fallen so low to the point of degenracy. It's horrible that they'd be willing to cheat in an attempt to get what they want. But, they won't be able to get away with this. Eventually, it will collapse on them and hit them. They just won't know when it does and it will harm them a lot. All this bullshit makes me want to support President Donald Trump more. Keep America Great President 45. I'll be able to vote for the first time in 2020 and I'm happy that it's going to be someone that I genuinely care about.
Molon Labe! 🐸
Not goin anywhere.
 [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V16tMmTezFQ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V16tMmTezFQ)  "We will not go quietly into the night"
#HE (SPEZ) WILL NOT DIVIDE US !
I might be going somewhere, yeah. All of this drama is such a headache. Might just log off for a bit.
They try to silence us because they are scared, now it's time we show them that we are not afraid, and that we will show them who prevails when the storm comes!
I dont feel so well mr stark
We will never give in to Reddit trying to suppress us!
Standing on principles.
We need different voices in this world, the.d is another one, don't let the liberals take your ideas and mind
I'm not even American and I enjoy this sub. It's sad but when I joined reddit you could find all types of voices and now they are all in the process of being supressed.
Need to spread out across every forum.
\[removed\]!
This is all prep for the 2020 election. Trump won because of the internet. It let him bypass the gatekeepers and talk directly to the people. 

That's why all the censorship is suddenly happening in 2019. They want to destroy Trump's foothold for 2020. They want their gatekeepers to have the power again.
I don't let the anti Trump weasels get in my way for one single second. Reddit and others don't seem to see how they are destroying themselves, it's a mystery at how fucking dumb they are.
If you give them an inch, they will move for a foot. I will stand firmly on my grounds and will never budge a centimeter, because I believe in what the US of A stands for.
Spez, I’ve got a one-fingered manicure just for you. You festering pustule.
they're trying to silence us because we speak the truth and I will not stand for this
Censorship to destroy us
Not going anywhere. Hold that line
100% Truth right here!
I swear we need to get this to trump  he will call reddit out on this bull-ass
Wow this surprised me even though it shouldn't have. Leave it to Reddit to pull something like this, we won't stop fighting!
I'm sure this is not easy, perhaps we should consider building our own platform I'm sure patriots will show up. Look at the "We build the wall" for example--I think it's time for us we have our own.
Quarantined?? - No Way!

I read the warning and I don't care - this is the TRUTH and we shall not be silenced for speaking the TRUTH. 🔥🔥 Blame those anti-Trump that keep on down voting and attacking fellow Patriots here!! 😡 

Let's not give up, MAGA people!! Donald J. Trump is the BEST President Ever!! ✊🇺🇸👊
Might wanna delete this, the title is technically voter manipulation.  

Edit: Downvoted for a fair warning that someone can get banned from Reddit? Alright.
Whosoever sheds his blood with me this day shall be my brother.
[removed]
[removed]
This is kind of the definition of being a cuck... right?
The\_Donald will be banned, it's guaranteed! Find a new home folks.
Of course I am. I will not sit by and wait for them to de platform by a thousand cuts. Its time to move this community.
cring
lol
[removed]
You guys easily have as many users as there were people at Trump's inauguration!
Supporting the President does not equal supporting the country. Calling for violence against law enforcement officials is no different than the same calls of violence from radical islamist terrorist groups
[removed]
[removed]
Primarily a lurker. However, I'll speak my mind when I must. I'll speak my mind when I have my facts straight. And I won't shut my mouth in the face of injustice.
[removed]
We have the best fathers. You should be proud!
That's AWESOME! Give him our best. Thank you both for your support!
better git while the gittin's good, i reckon
If The Donald goes down I'm leaving reddit, literally the only reason I started using it
Do we have alternatives ready? (apart from the cancerous shithole Voat)

Quarantine might just be the bs "see we're doing things the right way we warned them first" thing before they cut us off.
Hold the line, patriot. It is always darkest before dawn.
I spy another PA kek, welcome friend
O captain my captain poem comes to mind!
I've been here since 2006.  I made this account when Reddit started in this direction.  Now, only this and a few small subs are worth subscribing to.  

Reddit was taken over by the people who decide by force what you are allowed to speak.

It will just continue to become more boring until something better replaces it.  That will be have to distributed so its executive can't taken out by the Clintons, and somehow resistant to spy agency ops.
We need a backup. Then can eliminate us at the flick of a switch. We can't get banned a month before the election and get stuck with our thumb up our ass. Our mods need an alternate website. Fuck reddit, it's a shithole.
They ought to have a backup site ready in the wings. 

It should be announced ahead of time, too.
Who called this 2 or 3 days ago? I remember seeing it, but not who it was.
https://youtu.be/R9rG1G-Yr_Q
Go down with the ship. The ship of fools that is
My first comment on this sub, I subscribed because voices can never be silenced. I subbed from the quarantine.
I've lurked for awhile too, but will be more active just for the sake of being heard(or read).
When Trump won the election we were well over 500k. We're supposed to believe that since then it's only increased about 50%. Riiiiight. We were well over 1 million prior to the election, probably more like 5 million. There is good proof of this if anyone questions it.
Okay I'm really confused. Is the "SPEZ" just a joke cause of how he was editing comments? I'm OOTL
Yes!!!! I've always wondered why the number floated around 750k and froze there. Any way we could find out the real number????
Backfiring would entail people moving to another platform.  Staying here just allows them to keep control over us.  At critical moments they will be able to shut us up.
[removed]
I pray you are right pede
Dems want our nation to have no borders, but want to quarantine Trump voters.

Ironic.
> The end result of all this? The red pills will flow.

It's always been my positon that we shouldn't be isolating ourselves here anyhow.  People with good reasoning skills shouldn't be afraid of posting in other subs.  High eneergy among the base is needed, but not the only important part.  Giving outsiders some insight, be it pointing to a comprehensive study or explaining a full quote in context has always been key in distributing red pills.

I can't fault some casual who only watches CNN for thinking X, it's when you provide him the full story that he's got the option of looking away.  This doesn't just spontaneously happen, we've got to work for it.
I'm glad the quarantine happened because before, I had no clue this subreddit existed, I believed the entirety of Reddit was this cesspool of liberal crap, but I was able to find this gem of a sub
I lurked reddit for years without am account.

I joined for The_Donald
I was a longtime lurker (through the election) and didn't create an account until recently.  No way of knowing how many lurkers are here.

Spez:  Not Going Anywhere!  MAGA!
What's the Streisand effect
the number shown is 10% of the true number.  it was outed years ago during election season.   the sidebar here was showing shit tier numbers, but then if you logged into the advertising section, it'd show you the real numbers.  many anti-leftist subs are intentionally deflated.  we're easily over 7m subs
We’re gonna need more coats.
Canadian, Arab Christian immigrant, very pro capitalism, conservative here. 

While I don't necessarily agree with Trump's outlook on global trade and economy, putting probably the most pro law enforcement sub under quarantine is censorship and it is a lie. 

Subbing to show solidarity with conservatives everywhere.

Calls for violence posted on leftist subs like ChapoCrapHouse and onguardforthee are not rare. 

Absolute bias.
Send an email to reddit. Let them know how you feel.
And many who didn’t know about us because we can’t be found on reddit or in searches just found us.
[Happy 4th Birthday to The_Donald](https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/c60s0f/happy_4th_birthday_to_the_donald/)!!! It's amazing how much it grew in four years.
It was shown to be 6 million in the advertiser metrics when the sub showed around 350k. Might be 12 mil by now.
It was over 6 million 2 years ago.  Probably 10 times the 700K number.
Test
I know I just joined on because I heard about the quarantine. Thanks censors for giving me the push I needed!
Maybe we need a new bot which dispenses beautiful red pills.
The dims ironically dispensing free medication for the masses.
[removed]
Let's prove it to them.
In 2016 I felt like it wasn't too important to vote because I felt my vote didnt matter and it would be out of my hands. Now I am fully committed to voting in every election
Hit them on their revenue. Firefox + uBlock origin / Brave / Blokada.org. AdAway. Newpipe. Stremio. Protonmail. Pcloud Telegram Signal Etc... Use their servers, don't watch their ads, don't give your data to them. I make a point of blocking ads on devices of family, friends, whatever device comes in contact with me, gets fully ad blocked. Hit them in their wallet, gold is their only God.
My man 👍
#SpezWillNotDivideUs
Mobile ftw
68 provisional upvotes for you zir
No joke, but Relay for Leddit had me logged out today.  Sure it’s a coincidence.
As a logging truck driver, I do both.
I swear, I'll respond to all of you until my eyelids cave in. Thank you, fellow pede.
Nor should you have to! Grab a coat and bundle up!
MAGA
Staying right the fuck here.
Welcome to the Trump side, my young padapede.
ahem
https://i.imgur.com/5gXoq3w.jpg
200% Agreed
I hope so, for your own sake. The God Emperor is not as forgiving as I am.
"Realizing the importance of the case, my men are rounding up *twice* the usual number of suspects."
Including yours, friend. Keep fighting the good fight!
Except for those of shills. A lot of them are posting today.
Love it. Well said. I tried to give you gold but it won’t let me in a “quarantined” subreddit. Ridiculous!
Incredible post. Well said.
Just to be clear on the concentration camps part, they are solely using the definition now, correct?

We try to say they are non-equivalent with the nazi ones, but then they say it's a concentration camp by definition.

Am I correct on this?
Same, I'm a Swede. First it was the Google video, then this.

Edit: Also, just want to say I've never really visited this sub before the quarantine. Subscribed now to show my support and to increase the numbers. Fight the real fascism that is big tech and MSM.
Its a political censorship. They are taking the advantage of anonymity on this website. There's a clear probability that libtard cyber cell posted this messages so the admins can cite them as a reason for quarantining this subreddit.
but theres not even any proof that the numbers are being supressed... and you're believing it?
This is the best community, I swear. Thank you.
Both figuratively and literally.
Mainly just the Clinton’s though... most of the other democrats are either too incompetent or retarded to pull it off without getting caught.
There’s needs to be a serious crowd funding effort to raise money to kick start a new grass roots media platform that is pro-American values. Freedom of speech, right to bear arms, freedom of association, religious freedom, and other core values.
I like the enthusiasm with all the "I won't ever leave", but we have to be realistic.

If Reddit deletes this place, which we know they want to and have the power to do so, we need to solid backup plan.

I think our own website would be the best bet.
/conservative  /republican
/Trump is my fallback.
Out of the darkness!
#DO NOT GO GENTLE INTO THAT GOOD NIGHT!
Though wise men at their end know dark is right...
go to a new place, but give them fucking HELL on this site when you do.  go nuts. you are welcome on sitescroll.com im really trying to get it going!!
We will not go quietly into the night. We will not surrender.....without a fight. We are going to survive. We're going to live on. Today. We celebrate. Our Independence Day!
750,000 peoples protesting on the doorsteps of Reddit HQ will change their attitude REAL fuckin quick.
Thank you!
We will see who has the last laugh when spez edits a few of your comments with links to kiddie porn and local swat knocks the door down sending your pup to an early grave.
How will VPNs help if they banned us all together. We need another platform
I’m positive 99.99 percent of the millions here are voting for trump. The other 00.01 are here to be trolls or to make posts about inciting violence against police officers to have reddit admins ban this sub.
Either that or they are lying to advertisers. Could that be grounds for a fine perhaps? Can we report this apparent fraud anywhere?
Really? Where?
[removed]
You get an orange!
I'm a simple man.
Me too brother
I stand with you, brother
Another orange arrow for you, friend.
On desktop click edit next to your username

On mobile open the sidebar and click edit (at least on Boost on Android)
Together
I've been on a few other subs since this quarantine.  I expected to see a lot of celebration and football spiking comments. To the contrary, while those comments are out there, there's a surprising number of folks expressing concern and even anger over this.  Some people really do believe in free speech and don't see this sub as a threat to anyone.  And many are also seeing it as very suspicious when essentially today is the day that launches the presidential election through the first presidential (Democrat) debate.
Greetings! We appreciate the support!
Yessir 👍
Reddit is perfectly okay with allowing their platform to be used to doxx and make death threats against conservatives and cops. We’ve all seen it on other subs and the examples are replete. Frankly it’s so blatant and frequent at this point that people asking for links to specific examples are either acting in bad faith or are simply not paying attention. In summary, Reddit is a corporate shit hole biased toward one corporately captured shit hole political party.
Thank you for staying!
We certainly do!
We need a website.
Make them realities! Thank you for your response!
I know the feeling, my friend. Thank you for your support!
Too low!
It’s insane how easily information can be suppressed, and any well-meaning opinion can be censored in the blink of an eye. It’s terrifying. I’ve lurked on this sub for a while and haven’t commented or posted until this ban. I’m all for hearing every side, but there isn’t an excuse for silencing civil discussions, which definitely exist on this sub, despite what some people might have to say about it.
It is scary.
Don't give up yet, patriot! We are literally the individuals who defied ALL odds and got Trump the internet vote. We're not done yet.
gab getting a big change july 4th... check it out =P
/conservative  /republican
What about when r conservative is banned shortly after?
An amazing story. Thank you for taking the time to share. These last few years have been a wild ride and I cannot properly explain just how much it means to me that all of us can unite this way. Trump led me to take an actual interest in politics and made me into a better patriot. Thank you again for the support. God bless.
Welcome! If you love liberty, free speech and economic prosperity, you're always welcomed here.
That is correct, from what I know. Most (if not all) graphics were taken down until further notice.
I like DuckDuckGo 😎👍
Well spoken. Thank you, sir. Your support is appreciated.
Always!
KAG indeed!
All aboard!
upvoted for the Centepede comment :)
I heard they raised 300mm at a 3billion dollar valuation. Not sure exactly when but the article with that info was from Feb 2019. That also tells me it is not a publically traded company, so it wouldn't be possible to buy a controlling share. But I do appreciate your creativity lol. Have my measly upvote.
Spez is basically the shady pimp that whores this site out to Media Matters, Correct the Record and now the Chinese government.
https://ifunny.co/picture/LwyPyc0c4
Religious or not, we appreciate the sentiment and support. Thank you for the civility and kind words. We're not going anywhere.
Welcome aboard!
I'll take it 👍 Thank you!
I can respect that. You have a right to your opinion, and unlike the left, we won't try to mob you if it is different from ours, as long as you're respectful. Enjoy the memes and grab a coat!
welcome!  have a seat while someone gets you a coat.
I'll take it. I hope one day we can all bridge the gap. Thank you, regardless of where you stand.
Cheers! I can’t respect that sir
Well, welcome back!
Take my coat, brother. Welcome 👍
Welcome to the sand pile. Every comment counts. Thank you.
Wouldn't be surprised. I hope he's sweating right now.
No idea. But I'll take miracles wherever I can get them. We have a voice and we need to be heard.
Are you an email verified member of this sub?
Just you wait, pede.
Should be a clue to you if evil people are censoring us, maybe it's not propaganda.
I appreciate your honesty and hope it can lead to some kind of common ground. Thank you. Sincerely.
You're still a loser
I’ll delete the app and never look back if they ban this subreddit. The rest of reddit is garbage.
The Revolution is real.
Same 💪
Welcome!
Will it though? I wish this were true, but Trump is conspicuously silent.
Welcome back!
Thank you, UK pede!
You can buy w ww .thedonald.com for like $70 at godaddy looks like
I'm in. Have been since 2016. Only a mobile user.
Silencing the opposition doesn't really work when the opposition just gets louder. But they're too wrapped up in their feels to realize this.
I'm so proud of everyone here. Thank you
It is much appreciated
Not all heroes wear capes! Thank you for doing your part!
Yup it’s been scrubbed from the apps
Thank you!
Go to The_Donald on old.reddit.com ... sign in and accept the terms... it will work after that.
Classic 👌
voat or the chans
Hold the line, patriot!
Thank you for dusting it off! We appreciate you and everyone here.
If  myspace still exists it's prob the safest place to go.
Welcome back!
Thank you!
Guilty as charged, my man 👍
Exactly this. 

People have done the hard work of creating other platforms. But the platforms suffer from small, sparse user-bases. 

Transposing this sub's population to Voat or somewhere like that would kill three birds with one stone.
How exactly do you fight someone that can delete us with the press of a button? I'm not saying run but we do need to secure a home/base we can use without fear of it suddenly disappearing overnight. This subreddit could be gone when you wake up in the morning.
Yeah, when the people in power show us their true colors, I am off.

There are an alternative called Voat. 
Why make Reddit and their allies more money, when you can make their competitor money.
It's probably because they aren't shills, this is just TD community.
Welcome aboard!
Use desktop mode on a browser.
If the mods want to tank this, so be it. This post comes from the heart. It is representative of what and more importantly WHO we are as a community.
Bye, shill
oh look, another bed-wetting brainwashed shitlib who can't win on ideas.
Wow convincing argument your iq must be at least in the 70s
Millions you say
Go to Rtard/politics or pantifa subs if you want to hear calls for violence against our boys in blue. This Dom loves em, always have, always will!
Sure, fascist. Roll with that.
someone deport this asshole please
You're a hero. Welcome.
Which is likely why were not all leftist degenerates.
same
I thought the same, but I was thinking maybe we should stay..

Will people red pill themselves in our absence? ...  I think they might when they're banned and deleted for even questioning liberal insanity.
That’s what they want though. The liberals want their little protected bubble where they don’t have to worry about their views being challenged and disproven.
If you are going to leave drop some red pills on redacted and other subs on your way out.
Same, the other communities I'm here for aren't as big for me. Every other sub I'm on has a non-reddit equivalent, so I can just say fuck Reddit at any time. T\_D was one of the only subs I was here for.
Why not go to another Trump sub, or create one?
ditto....no reason left to stay
Must admit I like “idiots in cars” 😛
this quarantine was just a test to see what the response would be, like every platform who has removed and banned "problem" users, they will eventually remove us. Boil the frog slow.


we need an alternative. if we go down with the ship, we all die.
I personally will not seek a replacement until they completely obliterate this sub. I'll be here until the bitter end.
No we don't. Since 2014 they've been marginalizing and banning us. We have yet to find an alternative. Voat  had promise but not anymore. We're done on reddit. We have no place here.
We will invade the default subs. Politics, Worldnews, etc in mass numbers as if they where The_Donald. Let the bots and shills deal with us en masse, and watch what happens when the normies see what lengths the mods will go to silence us. A feedback loop of redpilling.
/conservative  /republican
Voat is awesome.
Dont give up 5 minutes before the miracle! And it's coming!!!!!
Thank you! That’s what I like to hear!
We’ll hold the line as long as we can but after this quarantine it’s just a matter of time. That’s how it always seems to go down.
Your words and thoughts mean more than we can ever repay. Thank you
As a former democrat and now a supporter of President Trump, welcome!
Welcome!
Thank you, if you need to censor, it's because there's some truth to it.  In this case, a lot of truth.
Its awesome we got a lot of lurkers here coming out of their shadows because what reddit and other big tech companies are doing to us CANNOT be ignored. God Bless you for coming out bro.
GIVE THIS MAN A BRICK!
Welcome to the fight
Same. They're dying to ban TD but won't ban any of the insane liberal subs.
Welcome friend!
Welcome!
That's the kind of fighting spirit we need. Thank you
exactly I used to just go through Post and read comments but now I really need to interact with the community
And that number (no matter how hidden it is) will continue to grow. Well said.
We were well over 6 million subscribers when Trump became president according to their marketing and advertising numbers
I’ve been on here for a long time I really hate everyone saying we have x million subs, it was pretty clear the ad numbers posted were in reference to impressions not subs. I agree the numbers may be suppressed but if we have 5 million or more subs we are very low energy compared to something like politics. I think the answer is we have a very active user base more active than any others with our numbers, but I do not believe we are anywhere near 5 million if we were we would have 50-100k likes and over a 1000 comments on the majority of top posts
Why not share the proof?
700,000 laughing my ass off to hell and back
Wow........ that’s so fucked I knew they changed the numbers but nah fr reminds me how they have automatic bots that downvote us....
[removed]
Yes this is what it's in reference to. We just use spez instead of edit now.
You got it.
You would be correct.
Reddit accidentally released parts of an advertising brief that put TD at 6 million unique page views a day.

That should give you an idea of how big we are...
IMO, realistic estimates based on similar subs(similar topic post frequency, userbase enthusiasm, etc) places it at about 2x what is displayed(eg 1.5million).

I was here for the whole ad buyer information fiasco that led people to jump to a conclusion it was 6 million(was always ridiculous), and a lot of that was more about page-clicks, "impressions" and associated traffic statistics, other subs were similarly waaaay off as well.
Same here. Joined Reddit in March 2019. It was at 750.
In the long term, it probably will backfire in that way.  In the meantime however, it only serves to broaden this subs reach.  Anyone willing to investigate the claims themselves by visiting are the type of people we want anyway right?  Those are the ones willing to atleast see for themselves.   They may not necessarily switch sides but some will and that will bolster our numbers which will make it harder for Reddit as a company to just ban The_Donald from a business standpoint.

I could be wrong but I have a feeling the all mighty dollar even means more than who is president.
Im waiting for thethinkspot.com to launch,  then im going to merrily piss away my karma like a happy little troll and delete my account
There's a mod thread posted here where they state that they tamper with the weight of upvotes for people that sub to T_D

Subscribe to politics, your upvote counts twice

Subscribe to T_D, yours counts as 3/5
I'll take every prayer. God bless you!
"The Streisand effect is a phenomenon whereby an attempt to hide, remove, or censor a piece of information has the unintended consequence of publicizing the information more widely, usually facilitated by the Internet."
I think you are completely ignoring the point of the original post.
They will eventually eliminate this sub entirely. Then where do we congregate? There needs to be a clear place.
They are worried.

 I've got a belief that without /r/The_Donald, Trump would not have won. We had a lot of power. A lot of people that spread information got it from here.

 Reddit admins have been looking for any excuse they can, waiting for the mods to slip, so now they can get rid of any place where pro-trump opinions are loved. It's the perfect time too. It's been long enough since the election, but re-election campaigning hasn't really happened yet.  They are scared and have been waiting for the perfect opportunity to get rid of us.
Seriously Ive been using firefox ublock/adblock with no script for over a decade and haven't seen ads since. Just looked into blokada like the concept but I already have a vpn installed on my phone but it won't work in concert with blokada, have to be on its vpn and it doesn't block my ip so that's a no go.
WE WILL NOT GO QUIETLY INTO THE NIGHT
EYELIDS ARE FOR THE WEAK. 

FUCK EYELIDS.
Respect 👌🏻
Wait....does this mean our coat and brick bot is disabled now too?
 **FOR THE LOVE OF GOD GET THIS PATRIOT A COAT! THATS 205,506 COATS HANDED OUT!**

We are (%age) of our goal to coat the (population) great people of (City,State). Let's make sure everyone gets a coat in the United States! For every Centipede a coat, for every coat a Centipede!

This bot was created by devious1087, feedback always welcome. [Meme Reference!](https://youtu.be/OiYVVT1aQFM)

beep, boop, doin' what I can by hand.
Right there with you, friend
Steve is hoping t_d heads to vote or gab. Said so himself.
I remember when a privately run hospital was ordered by the court to get absorbed into a bigger hospital system — by change in trusteeship.

Maybe it is time to explore whether the courts can order Reddit to be placed into a receivership and trustees set up to protect the T-D subscribers.
This is my 3rd account that I've subbed to T_D with. My first account was subbed in at 30k subs. We stick it till the end.
Omg I've never seen a 10 year. Who's above yoda? 😊
RESPECT 👍
Yup. Deport on sight. No shills or cucks.
Don't give this website any of your hard-earned money
Next time you wanna gild someone give a donation to one of the many MAGA personalities or charities in that user’s name. Reddit definitely does not deserve your money.
Thank you! Everyone is welcome here.
You are so right
Nope, we make our stand here.
WE WILL NOT VANISH WITHOUT A FIGHT!!
That means we don't take shit from nobody... we're going to pass this test!
Come at me bro!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
There are other options... Discord T_D, Parler, the chans, Gab, etc. We are (quarantined) bees.

The community and Pedes from all walks of life will always organize over common ground... no matter the situation. Don’t think linear... they can shut down a sub but, they can’t shut down the fact 750K+ share an idea and belief of America First and support of President Trump.

Follow the patriot hive and keep up if things get messy. 😎

Spez: spelling
[GNU Social](https://www.gnu.org/software/social/) and [Mastodon](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mastodon_%28software%29) are [open source](https://infogalactic.com/info/Open_source) web site software packages that run twitter-like web sites using a common protocol, [pump.io](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pump.io) (previously OStatus).

Like email servers, you can run your own or get an account on someone else's server. So let's say conservatives congregate on several servers, and libertarians on another group. You, a (let's say) conservative, subscribe to a libertarian's account on a lib server, one that is federated with your server (meaning, they allow shared posts). You can repost the libertarian's stuff on your con server account, and he can repost yours on the lib server.

This networking goes further: the conservative servers would likely ban adult images, the libertarian servers not, so long as adult posts are tagged "NSFW." The con servers would likely site-wide filter and block posts tagged NSFW, so if you accidentally reposted ("retweeted") a libertarian's picture with a nipple flash, some user would flag it as an error and it would be blocked, and you would be notified.

As you can imagine, if you can distribute a Twitter-like website, you are more than halfway to writing a distributed, that is, federated, Reddit.

One thing about this federation of servers (dubbed the Fediverse by GNU Social and the rest): the center-right suspects that Twitter, Facebook &c shield offensive, even abusive, Leftist/SJW activists unfairly. (I am one of them.) I think a Fediverse would reveal that even most Democrats despise the intersectional feminists, critical race theorists, &c and a Fediverse would reveal when most Democrats end up on servers that do not federate with servers that allow SJW outrage to tyrannize the other users. (Just as conservatives would like to ban neo-Nazis. I'm still ticked that a bunch of those twits showed up to a Tea Part meeting, milking the outrage like the Westboro Church.)

Gab.ai, Voat... these are alternatives, but they are all walled gardens, just like TwitterBookTube. Let's not repeat their terrible, terrible mistakes. Federation is the future.
The problem starts with the rest of reddit. On the front page right now everyone is celebrating and talking about what a white supremacist shithole this was. Typical conservative hate.

The problem is, that pushes the neutral voter to their side. They are uninformed and brainwashed to believe we are the bad guys.
We got pedes from all over the world supporting MAGA on this domreddit. Anything is possible in this timelime.
There are subs with far more subscribers than that. As has been said, a large number of foreigners who are supportive of Trump and the proliferation of Trump like policies in their own countries flock here to this sub. Trump is a rallying cry for millions around the world and this sub is on the front lines.
Wtf that makes me sick. Which conservatives were threatened?
We don't run brother we multiply!
I agree with you. However you should always have a backup plan.
That's why we need to get a Discord going. And soon.
And thanks back. I had no interest in politics until Trump because no other politicians proved they had an interest in me or my home. I knew he couldn't be bought, that's why I first started to consider voting for him. Truly an amazing and fortunate people we are right now.
Are you on PC? If so, I found a workaround just need someone to test.

Edit: https://userstyles.org/styles/173096/the-donald

Tried posting this, but looks like it got shadowbanned. Ask any questions you may have about it. It's no more against the rules to use this than it is to use RES
AFIK the origin of this is that one of the other quarantined subs changed the style sheet so the quarantine notification appeared in a yellow star badge. It burned the admins' asses bad enough that they disabled it.
Well, thanks for the explanation and upvote.  I guess we wont be red-pilling them via wall street.  

We will just have to find another orifice we can cram that pill up!

(__) * (__)
----
So he's like the Hillary of reddit
Nice
Indeed, we are not. MAGA brother/sister!
FOR THE LOVE OF GOD GET THIS PATRIOT A COAT! THATS 205,390 COATS HANDED OUT!

We are 97.65% of our goal to coat the 210,330 great people of Des Moines, Iowa. Let's make sure everyone gets a coat in the United States! For every Centipede a coat, for every coat a Centipede!
FOR THE LOVE OF GOD GET THIS PATRIOT A COAT! THATS 205,391 COATS HANDED OUT!

We are 97.65% of our goal to coat the 210,330 great people of Des Moines, Iowa. Let's make sure everyone gets a coat in the United States! For every Centipede a coat, for every coat a Centipede!
FOR THE LOVE OF GOD GET THIS PATRIOT A COAT! THATS 205,389 COATS HANDED OUT!

We are 97.65% of our goal to coat the 210,330 great people of Des Moines, Iowa. Let's make sure everyone gets a coat in the United States! For every Centipede a coat, for every coat a Centipede!
6 years running, mate
Since I don't know what that is, I'm gonna go with... no.
Yes. Where will everyone on this sub go if it gets banned? You don't just silence hundreds of thousands of people because two or three people said something mildly controversial.
Thanks friend :D
I just tried from the app and got a message that I could not access the community and to contact moderators.
It’s fixed now.
It doesn't even show up in my subs list on the updated one. I had to find a direct link to view it to get past the "quarantined" bs. On the old one I didn't even see the "quarantined" bs.
Gross
That's fair, just wanted to warn you because it definitely will get you banned if Reddit admins see it.  

Fight the good fight brother
Haha nice
Why is he a ~~bedwetter~~ "bed-wetter"?

Edit: "who can't win on ideas"

Literally what? This is one of the worst insult I've ever seen
But I don't want to hear for calls of violence aginst any LE though...
[removed]
[removed]
All of YOU are heroes. This community has been like family to me. We are not the embodiment of hate. We are the storm.
Me three
I'm not sure if there is anything we could do effectively off home base. Any post or comment will get removed then we get banned. It would take a serious effort from everyone just to get noticed on any big sub
This. We can't disband. We must stay as one, and continue to collaborate and share information (and the best of the best memes of course).
Follow theDonaldReddit on twitter. I don't but that's where the mods have been telling people to go in case of emergency.
&#x200B;

>Boil the frog slow

Careful, Pede. We're hanging on by a thread here, bud. 

>likewise, do not post content that glorifies or encourages the abuse of animals.
I honestly think Reddit is too afraid to completely erase us. Regardless, I’ll be here to the end as well.
[removed]
Dude if they annihilate the sub before you figure out where to go, that's like waiting to lower the lifeboats after the ship sunk.

Gab, Minds, Kiwi Farms.
It'll be too late by then.  Need to have the contingency plan in place so we can move as a bloc.

I'm not saying we should jump, make them kick us - if they dare!

&#x200B;

Maybe we should just invade the Politics sub to reveal the lies from the D-bate (though it's more of a d-bacle).
https://imgur.com/qlEDnjf
It doesn't make sense to not have a contingency plan in place before we're unable to communicate with each other. 


They're going to ban the sub at peak election cycle. They'll scatter us to kill the memes right when we won't have enough time to regroup and be effective before election day.


We need a plan B asap.

Edit: spelling.
[removed]
When I put a ‘T’ in the search feature in the iOS Apollo App [this comes up](https://i.imgur.com/idTj8xs.jpg).   I assume the sub with most subscribers show up first. Look below and see T_D above subs that have a million plus subscribers yet T_D is never on the front page.  It is asinine, and even though I may not be a regular here, I am against censorship.
Where's the Nicholson gif?!?
Well in the 2 hours it’s been another 10k
a lot of people quit this subreddit because it was a joke to them and then orange man got elected and this place turned from a parody cult of personality subreddit to a real cult of personality subreddit.
6 gorillian!
Uh....no. The only reason r / politics(can't believe we're back to this bullshit again) gets those numbers is due to 23hr stickies and being allowed on r / all. 

FYI, this ain't fucking facebook, they aren't "likes".
We have new posts coming in every few seconds. That doesn't happen with a (smaller) sub of 750k. We have millions, easily.
You think they only suppress subs? The reddit ads data said “subscribers” I’m sure they suppress upvotes too
Because reddit disappeared it, and anyone who was around then saw it, but hey it could just be that they were trying to tell their advertisers that there was 10x the number of members and clicks here. So either reddit was lying, or they were lying.
Well your dumbass is here hiding behind a month-old throwaway. Anecdotal, but still highlights our draw, no?
https://subredditstats.com/r/The_donald

Check the most used words. Comedy.
They ought to have a backup site ready in the wings. People *will* be lost if there's a break in service. They aren't going to jump around to find where it popped up. How would the news get out? MSN? Half of us don't even watch tv anymore if they even give them airtime.


It should be announced ahead of time, too.
Slaves to big tech no more.
>I believe they employe the Diebold voting machine programmers.
God Bless you Pede and Trump 2020!
Thanks
The conservative sub maybe but they'll eventually come for that sub so we have to find another app
If they ban this sub then I'm gone. I'm deleting my account and never coming back. I'm even going to delete my alt for porn. I already left facebook, switched to Verizon, switched to Bitchute, duckduckgo, I'm going to switch to iPhone (to try and get away from Google). Censorship is fascism. it's evil and any who supports it is evil.
Exactly, we have to set up a secure website for this forum
Lol
WE WILL NOT VANISH WITHOUT A FIGHT
Rage against the dying of the light.
OK. But go.
Still here 👌 Appreciate you, man
For now
Brick me, Tuggy!
Wouldn't personally know anything about the legality of that, but I'm sure some of our fellow Patriots have experience in the field of law.
People forget reddit has been around for 15 years or so now
Exactly! No one in this sub should be buying gold.
/conservative   /republican
Discord doesn’t seem like it would be a good fit for sortable and indexed aggregated content
Do we know whether or not Discord is compromised by radical leftists?
Agreed 👍
Lol not you the other guy that was having the problem.
Proceed to contact a mod from the_Donald. I can't believe this shit
Thats weird it didn’t do it for the non updated phone but if you use your web app .. safari on iPhone or chrome on android ..sign in at https://old.reddit.com/r/The_Donald    It will ask to accept some dumb terms or something and after that you will back in on the reddit app.
Many thanks, friend. Sincerely. I'm with this to the very end.
Dawg look at the sub your on. Can you expect anything else?
Then you're in the right place
Have fun making yet another account.
think of me, specifically, when you throw a hissy fit next november 3.
No, you’re breathtaking!
The raging storm of truth and justice
reddit may own the house but its the people who live in it that make me want to live in it
Pound meee tooo
Me 4: Bill Clinton is a rapist.
So let the redpilling occur naturally?

There's enough of us, with broad enough interests that a reddit clone practicing free speech can do well.

Like, we can get some servers running and do this, and people will migrate there.
If the left could meme would we be in this predicament?
No twatter but did bookmark their url there.
We could go home... to 4chan.
They’re not. They’re desperate. I have no doubt this sub will cease to exist soon. When it does, I’ll be done with Reddit altogether and we’ll find our way somewhere else.
no, reddit and all tech giants are dead serious about deplatforming and tweaking their algorithms for 'fairness' to effectively erase us. it's a toxic mix of technology and intersectional ideology that wants to control what we see and what we say. they have that much to lose in 2020 that they are willing to 'be evil' to bring about what they see as good.
I thought that too, before the quarantine. Now I think it’s obvious it’s only a matter of time.
trumpit.chat is pretty cool
I feel the same way. Look at how digg was affected by their user base moving here
Join the discord or (if you still have a twitter account) follow the donalds twitter account so that you can get info even in a worse case scenario.
We need our own website. I don't know how we could fund it (donations, crypto, membership, ads, GEOTUS himself??) but it would need the ability to support 1,000,000 users and whatever traffic this sub already receives.

Any back-end devs want to chime in with their opinion? I'm only good on the front-end and design so apologies if I'm missing anything here.
/conservative   /republican
/Trump
God bless you, pede
Go away Gavin
Did you do it on a guest account/do you use any of those other subs frequently?

It could be your most viewed subs popping up first, but I have no idea for sure

Edit: It appears to be a consistent list with more than one person, so that throws my argument out, which is a great thing.
Does Reddit pass the fake data through their APIs to 3rd Party apps? If what you assume is true, it means that 3rd Party apps are being passed real data. Apollo has decided to use this data and sort by top subscribers (or maybe a different metric / blend of metrics) Not sure if Reddit even shares this data with apps like Apollo? Any devs out there?
Didn’t Apple just pull that app because of “hate speech” or some bullshit like that?
[deleted]
Downvotes are weighted as three to keep t_d off front page. They also shadowban all posts that remarkably make it to front page somehow.
How much are they censoring our upvotes then?
Dude, the marketing slate said it all.  

If reddit was misrepresenting the number of sumb... they would be sued to hell.  

The fact they reported more subs, yet weren't sued, proves the numbers.
So what good is proof if you can’t use it? Not looking for a fight, just wondering if there is anything you can show me to prove it as you claimed in your original comment.
[removed]
[removed]
I see what you did there.
God bless YOU, patriot!
WE WILL NOT BE CONVINCED WE AREN'T RIGHT
We can do the job of the bot until it's reenabled. 👍

FOR THE LOVE OF GOD GET THIS PATRIOT A COAT! THATS 205,388 COATS HANDED OUT!

We are 97.65% of our goal to coat the 210,330 great people of Des Moines, Iowa. Let's make sure everyone gets a coat in the United States! For every Centipede a coat, for every coat a Centipede!
FOR THE LOVE OF GOD GET THIS PATRIOT A BRICK! THAT'S 146111 BRICKS HANDED OUT!

We are at 21.5791221632628073305486464% of our goal to BUILD THE WALL starting from Imperial Beach, CA to Brownsville, Texas! Let's make sure everyone gets a brick in the United States! For every Centipede a brick, for every brick a Centipede!

At this rate, the wall will be 1606.60998275801025079224496 MILES WIDE and 428.175925654838233107647676 FEET HIGH by tomorrow! DO YOUR PART!

brick bot is feeling under the weather, so brick distribution will be performed on a volunteer basis
We've got the best lawyers, folks. That I can tell you.
7 year, badass, thats so cool.
Whoops 🤣 Have an upvote anyway
I can't either.  I hope this backfires hugely.  Big tech has gotten too big for their britches.
>Then you're in the right place

Clearly not since users at T_D have incited violence again the police.
[removed]
You’re breathtaking!
Amen!
Well said.
Good enough, fam...good enough. I'm sure we'll get whatever info we need when we need it.
I just got one but we move there and eventually we will be banned there too. We need our own place. These weak ass lefties have tricks. Everytime we move, we'll lose subscribers. Thats the goal. Another divide n conquer tactic
inb4 kys go back to reddit
I like your thinking.
I'm been thinking the same thing since 2016. They are going to get rid of this place in 2020.

We have to prepare!
Just signed up - looks good so far
Where is the link to the discord?
I’m still waiting for the discord approval :/
I did it not being a subscriber and not frequenting this sub often. I haven’t tried it from scratch.  Maybe someone else can do it?

Edit: I have never been in those chromosome subs. But have been in the others through r/all. I am not subbed to any of the others either.
I'm on Apollo also and the list is the same for me on any account. Haven't been to most of those subs
Yes. They charge advertisers as if we are over 6 million iirc. There was a big dustup when that came out.
I have no knowledge of the reddit API or what the various apps do, but I wouldn't be surprised if internally their API implementation does some sort based on activity/subscriber count before returning the data from a search. Were I developing that particular API function, it's what I would do, since it would be the most useful way to implement the search function.
It’s still there. Just checked.
Well shit that sucks. I like the app but I won’t spend any more money on it now. Canceled my premium subscription to Overcast for the same reason.
That doesn't prove it at all. All of these corporate CEOs belong to the same circles and rise up the ranks the same way corrupt democrats do. If they allow reddit to be sued over fudged numbers then they're admitting they are massively lying about the President's support, and are admitting it scares them to the point they have to suppress it. Propaganda is more important to them than money, which they have an infinite amount of. The Deep State doesn't care if some of their stocks take a hit as long as they control the narrative.
there might be screenshots on images or old posts with the evidence of the subs
You want proof... oh, sorry...now it's "good proof" of our sub count but you can just say stupid shit like "Trump has more drone strikes"? Kindly go fuck yourself with a cactus, friend-o.
[removed]
I see a fellow patriot and I appreciate the reply 👍
AND HISTORY WILL SHOW THAT ON THIS DAY WE CELEBRATED OUR INDEPENDENCE DAY
Resilience, creativity, and can-do ingenuity--I love it. That's what America is all about!
Fucking spirit!
Much better than an owner of a broken shark!
love it. Got my wheelbarrow, trowel, and gloves
Of course you losers would have multiple accounts. 

Pathetic existence you must live.
# Trump: HEY REDDIT ADMINS, YOU ARE BORING!! G'BYE!!
It doesn’t conquer us if we disperse to another Trump sub and/or create new ones. Or go to another platform. 

Nothing can conquer us.
You have to be 18 to post here reported. Also we are full.
I was in the chromosome sub once. Gavea rather plain, civil response and boom.  Banned. I'm only on reddit for this sub.
>Edit: I have never been in those chromosome subs. 

Buddy, go check out twoxchromosomes.  You don't know what you're missing ;)
Nice to know, thank you for the info!
You are probably right, It may be trending subreddits with highest subs.  The guy above in the comments had the same search results I did.  Either way, TIL has 21mil plus subs and is below T_D on the search.
There are screenshots but idk where you’d find them now.
[removed]
I got a message one day saying i was autobanned from that sub because i had post history here. Even though i never visited it.
And why might that be fellow Centipede? 

Could it be that..

**..REDDIT DOT COM IS IN FACT A FUCKING SHITHOLE?!**
I got banned simply for commenting here... That's it. Auto ban.
I got banned for saying if people want to workout in a sports bra and short shorts they should be mandated to wipe down their area. It was actually positive.
Can you link the comment that got you banned? Should be in your mod mail.
Still waiting!
I, for one, like my brain cells though.
Yeah, before he gets banned for posting here.
That sub is the best to mess around in
The folks over there definitely have chromosomes to spare.
Wait...the dude said *I* could find good proof for you? I must've missed that. Oh, fuck...I know! I'll just do what you retards do! 

FACT: The_Donald has 7,000,000+ subscribers.

There, all the proof you deserve.
Ya that's what mine said too
> \*\*..REDDIT DOT COM IS IN FACT A FUCKING SHITHOLE?!\*\*

  


Well, that *would* explain this sub's existence.
[removed]
same
No, really: you didn't even deserve the amount of effort I've already wasted on you. Now I just report you and you *disappear*...
I agree, you should have a platform no matter what your belief.

Also, have you checked out our beliefs?  It's a blanket "Follow the laws, and be free!" pretty much.  99.9995% of the shit they say about us all is a life.
Hi, nice to meet you! Thanks for coming here and saying this.

Stick around a little bit. We are nice here.
Welcome to the Trump Train. We welcome you all. Everyone needs to post our site where they can. Spread the word. We were on gateway and drudge and others today. We had A shit load of new people that joined today. Fuck Reddit
FOR THE LOVE OF GOD GET THIS PATRIOT A COAT! 

THATS 205,000ish COATS HANDED OUT!

We are 30.24% of our goal to coat the 677,??? great people of Detroit, Michigan. Let's make sure everyone gets a coat in the United States! For every Centipede a coat, for every coat a Centipede! This bot was created by devious1087, feedback always welcome.
Amazing job!
You! I like you!

That's all.
Thank you for your support, and welcome
If bots aren’t quarantined, get this man a coat! Welcome to the elite deplorables club!
Thank you for believing in free speech!
Thank you so much. I'm just overwhelmed by all the support we are getting. We always thought that all you true Americans were out there, now we are seeing it. Welcome to you, and all the new Pedes you brought with you!!!
We've added 6500 new subs since this morning by the looks of it. 754k to 760.5k
Funny part is that they've disabled ads on T_D.  The one sub increasing traffic and they'll get no revenue for it.
Wow thanks man. We appreciate you
Awesome
Great work Pede
Stick around and you’ll find that fundamentally, we all agree on the same basic pillars of life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. 

We only disagree how to do those things.
Doing God's work sir.. Thank you
Thanks to all of y’all, I’m not leaving.
I'm upvoting this sub with a passion that burns hotter than the fire of a thousand suns.
Thanks, Fren.
Awesome!  We need more like you and your friends!  Thank you!
If they strike us down, we shall cry out even more powerfully than you can possibly imagine.
Fucking Best Timeline.
Thank you for your support, Patriot!
Nazi!  Racist!  Bigot!  Islamophobe!
I'm seriously thinking about dropping out of school to do this full time. This censorship is unacceptable.
Give this new pede a brick and a coat. Welcome friend.
Welcome!
Just look how hateful and evil all the comments are in this thread. Reddit was right. ^/s
Great work of a patriot!
Welcome!!! We don’t bite over here despite what Reddit, Google, YouTube, Pinterest and the FAKE NEWS has to say about us. 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
<3 I love you, Travelin' Man <3
Thank you!
What thw actual fark.  They unsubbed me and made me opt in just to see content.

Ffs
God I love this place.
I feel like we need to make a buddy campaign where we invite and create accounts for friends and family. Really boost up the engagements online.
Long time lurker myself but I refuse to not participate any longer.
#**HIGH ENERGY!!!**
Thank you for the support! We appreciate you!
What good does it do ? We need another platform but thedonald sub at voat never took off and was taken over by antisemitic shills from blueshare. Quarantined is as good as deleted, this community doesn't have a backup plan basically ?
Thank you!
Thank you!
Thank you for putting in the effort!  MAGA!
Woah.. That's a big number.. I am trying my best but feels like I can get 10-12 ppl to join.. Still keep on trying..
Thanks for boosting the numbers! I have yet to see it happening on the left aside from eating their own, but censorship is wrong no matter what side it's on.
I logged in specifically to subscribe and show my support
We've been "quarantined" for years when they first started changing the algorithm to prevent us from showing up in the front page.

I wonder how long before they have to walk this back.

This is 100% purely political.

This is 100% a prime example of "election meddling"
This is all about 2020.  The MSM media want to remove all of our voices from social media.
 We are held to a different standard, even though Reddit KNOW leftists are actively  sabotaging.  

&#x200B;

They gave a list of posts admins removed, that averaged 1 a day. Would like to see a list of posts admins remove from leftist subs.

[https://twitter.com/thedonaldreddit/status/1143926570408644608](https://twitter.com/thedonaldreddit/status/1143926570408644608)
we cannot be silenced!
We arrive at the best ideas through discussion and open exchange, not in denying a population access to other perspectives.
Welcome fren
This man is doing god's work. Thank you for standing with us and for standing with our president!
I don’t think I’ve even met 38 different people.   Are you a mayor or something?
"Even if it were a factual representation of the world, it would be algorithmic unfairness." - Google, 2019

Anyone that values truth is now on this side, to the extent that there are sides and not one cult-like mass of dictatorial sycophants that the rest of us oppose.

Google itself is against the truth now
We are all The_Donald.
Doing God's work 🙏
There was a message board called GameFAQs where the Admit CJayC did this to a board called Life, The Universe and Everything. That started a trajectory and exodus from GameFAQs, the history is known to few. 

…………………………………………………. \_\_ . \_\_……………………  
……………………………………………….../’\`: : \`\\,---\`.„…………………  
………………………………………………../|,-‘\`¯¯\`\\(@)\_\\,----,,,\_………..  
………………„\~\*¯¯\`”\\,………... \_„\_………( \`\\(@),,\_/\` ¯ : o : : :o \`-, …...  
……………../ : · :(“,.\~;\*’¯¯¯”\\, (\_,-- \`\`”\~,….\\ : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : \`\\…..  
………….....| : · :,/\`,-\*\~;\~··-„,/ (‘\` \`\`)/· ,…\\.,/\` : : :\_„„,: : : : : : : : : : : \\…  
…………….| : · / ,/\`,--\\ \\’\`c\\,---„1 ‹’\`--(\_ ,/ / : : :,/\` · · ): : : : : : : : : : : |…  
……………..) : µ’\` .\\ (c) \`¯ . . ·\`), . ,-\~\`.. \\ : : :| · · '”\\, : : : : : : : : : : :/…  
……………/\` ,/\_\~-, .\`;;\`„-„,\_\_,./, \`\`\`/……. \`\\: :\\ · · · · \`\*-.,\_ : : : : : :,-‘ ….  
……………\`-/¨;--;\~’ \`”\*-=,=-\_\`” ,) ,/\`……….\`› : \`\\, · · · · · · ¯”\~---,--\`…….  
…„„………\_\_\\, · ‘, · . . . \`\\„\_,/ ,/;-;\_ ……. /\` \` | ./ · · · · · · · · „-“…………  
.( :·\`\\,-\~\*\`¯ · · ·\`¯\` \`\~--\~\*\~---\~;/\`,-\~\*\`\`\`\*--, \`1\` / : | · · · ,---\~\*”\`……………  
. \\·:··:”\*\~-,,„„\_\_\_\_„„,.-\~”\`¯¯¯¯/ / · · · · · ‘\\,) , / : :| · · · ·\\………………….  
…\`”’\~-,„„„„„„,,\~‘\`\` . ( · · · ,.\_\_| | · · · ·, \`\\„„/ ,/\`: : / · · · · ·| ………………..  
…………………….\\\`”””\` · · ·\`’\~;-,„,,\_)”\`\_-‘ : : / · · · · · · | ………………..  
……… (\`\*”-,„,-”¯¯”\`-;„· · · · · · , /'\`\`,-\~”\`¯: : : :/ · · · · · · |.………………..  
………. | : :(,;-===-„, \`\\,· · · ,-\`| · ·/ : : : | :,/\` · · · · · · ·| ………………..  
……… . \\ : :\\, · · · · \\\\ · \`\\. ·)· / · / : :\\ : :\`\~,\_ · · · · · ./ …………………  
………… \\\\,\_\`\~.,\_„,.-\*\\\\, \`/,/„/\` ,/ : : :\`’;-.„\_ : ¯-, · · · /,…………………..  
…………..\`\\,,\`”| : :\`-,„\_„))’\`"\` ·,/\`\_„,\~\*’\` · · ( · , ,\`)· ·,-; \`’\\,………………..  
……………..\`\*-\\ : : : \`\~----\~\*\` / · · · · · · · · “”\~”\` ·/\` ·( \_ :)………………  
…………. ,.¬-,--\\ : : : : : : : : / · · · · · · · · · ·,,-“\`…..’-„,-‘……………….  
…………..| |: :\*:\\ : : : : : : :\_/ „\_\_\_\_„„„„,---\~\*\`……………………………  
…………./ / : : : \`\~-„„„„„,.;;\`,,.--\`………………………………………….  
…………| | : : : :|¯ : ,/ ¯ ………………………………………………….  
………….\\,\\,\_,„./---\~\`………………………………………………………  
………………………………………………………………………………

&#x200B;

Time is a flat circle.
You know there's a difference between being completely silenced and quarantined right?
I have liberal friends. I've friends in the center. I've worked with Muslims (from India). I've worked with people from all over the world. That have come to work in my country LEGALLY. 

I only get censored and oppressed online (atm anyway). 

I only get oppressed in places where the radical left has control.

There used to be a somewhat perfect balance in the world between left and right. That is now long dead. The far extreme left is taking over. 

The far left will end the modern age as we know it. We will enter a new dark age. Like the one during the 1930s. 

This will happen. The far left has to much control and holds too much power now. 

The people we have voted to protect us have failed. We are on our own. No one is coming to help us. No one is going to protect us.

I don't know what the future holds but for the first time in my lifetime. I'm actually scared of the future.
Support Donald Trump. Support freedom of speech.
Huh, pretty sure this post is the kind of thing violating site rules and getting the sub punished.

They can make the quarantine harsher yknow?
I just subscribed to this sub because it got quarantined.
Thanks, we appreciate it!
My man.  Thank you.
Nice one pede. One of those subscribers might even make it on to the official Reddit count!
yeh. i just joined the group because of the news

didnt even know about it before
Not gonna lie thats a little pathetic.
More people need to know about this.

Trump supporters aren't all "deplorable" racists. The majority of us are just tired of being manipulated by corrupt career politicians who only care about what benefits them in the long run. Trump might be an idiot, he might say some dumb stuff but he's making America great again. I don't agree with everything he does/says and I don't need to do that in order to support the leader of my country.

I love America and it bothers me that so many people want to bring it down. There's nowhere else I'd rather live.
The Bush/Obama sub has never been quarantined/banned, what's this for crazy policy Reddit? Undersigned a worried European citizen.
Stop with the fake "I'm from r/all but I disagree with this quarantine" stories. Just went through these accounts and they're all regulars here, exploiting the situation for karma whoring.
While this might sound like I'm bashing this sub, stick with me. Getting people to come here is counter-intuitive. All you're doing is bringing Reddit more traffic. The admins don't care about our leanings, ideas, etc. They care about money. 

&nbsp;

In the mods eyes, this sub is like life support. Nobody *wants* to be on it, but it's better than the alternative. Take away this sub, and what's left? Inflated numbers. Echo chambers. Cat photos. Bots.

&nbsp;

If you really want to show Reddit, we need to leave. We need somewhere else to go, en mass.
this sounds like a bot guy saying he made a ton of bots.
I'm only one humble person but once I was told not to go here, I had to. So when I got two "warning"-messages just trying to enter this sub I knew I had to subscribe right away.
Donnu if I will return to write again.
There are a few shitbags here.....just like everywhere else. If you stick around, you will see that we aren't all in lock step like some would have you believe.
I agree, build your own platform and leave this one to the humans.  As I hear from lots of Trump supporters - "if you don't like this ~~country~~ platform, then get the f**** out".
If you're curious, the 0.0005% that they say about us that's TRUE?  That's when they say we're r/The_Donald.
>a life   

a lie, right?
Did someone knock down your door and drag you to prison over your online activity? Clearly not, or this one wouldn't exist. 

No one is denying your access to free speech. But reddit, Facebook, YouTube, etc. aren't obligated to be the platforms for that. You know, being private companies and all. They are just gay cake-ing you in their own way, and we all know you firmly support that right of businesses. 

Free speech and free access to a global sized audience aren't synonymous terms.
Despite what the rest of reddit says. I’ve never seen a place filled with more kindness than here.
Stay a while and listen
Seriously. I’ve been here for a few years now, and every contact i’ve had with anyone in here has been positive. :)
WE JUST CAN'T STOP WINNING, FOLKS! THE TRUMP TRAIN JUST GOT 10 BILLION MPH FASTER! CURRENT SPEED: 323,899,385,117,000 MPH! At that rate, it would take approximately 5.181 years to travel to the Andromeda Galaxy (2.5 million light-years)!
205,501 before it died

I added one earlier, plus this one...

So 205,503.

Spez: sorry, was on phone...

FOR THE LOVE OF GOD GET THIS PATRIOT A COAT! THATS 205,503 COATS HANDED OUT!

We are (percentage) of our goal to coat the (population) great people of (City,State). Let's make sure everyone gets a coat in the United States! For every Centipede a coat, for every coat a Centipede!

This bot was created by devious1087, feedback always welcome. Meme Reference!
yes they are :(
 

**FOR THE LOVE OF GOD GET THIS PATRIOT A COAT! THATS 205,504 COATS HANDED OUT!**

We are (%age) of our goal to coat the (population) great people of (City,State). Let's make sure everyone gets a coat in the United States! For every Centipede a coat, for every coat a Centipede!

This bot was created by devious1087, feedback always welcome. [Meme Reference!](https://youtu.be/OiYVVT1aQFM)

&#x200B;

beep, boop, doin' what I can by hand.
You mean 7.54M to 7.605M?

(This comment is not a violent comment suggesting or promoting self-harm or other forms of violence, and in fact, looks upon such ideas as shameful)
they get money for things other than ad's.
Also a punishment, is that T_D will no longer be on non members reddit feed...
The democrats want none of those, though

(This comment is not a violent comment suggesting or promoting self-harm or other forms of violence, and in fact, looks upon such ideas as shameful)
You’ve come aboard at just the right time. Democrat debates, POTUS @ G20, Yuuuge DC 4th of July event, Mueller Congress Cameo, 50 Shades of IG by the end of July. Summer’s just getting started! Welcome. 😄🇺🇸
Why would you? This is the most fun political centered place on the internet. You gonna go to r politics with their daily doom and gloom? I think not.
No matter what they say...
nah finish school at least.  As a guy with a 8-5 though, I do sometimes think maybe I should campaign, or even run for office some day.  Something to leave my mark, like the settlers and freedom fighters of old.
Oh ffs. You know and I know that's just an excuse to avoid the daily toil, struggle and drama while feeling good about it. Just like the Fridays for climate thing. All that will accomplish is diminish your chances at a meaningful career and thus your ability to actually implement the changes you want to see.


Become a valuable member of society and then change it from within.
FOR THE LOVE OF GOD GET THIS PATRIOT A BRICK! THAT'S 146109 BRICKS HANDED OUT!

We are at 20.5791221632628073305486464% of our goal to BUILD THE WALL starting from Imperial Beach, CA to Brownsville, Texas! Let's make sure everyone gets a brick in the United States! For every Centipede a brick, for every brick a Centipede!

At this rate, the wall will be 1606.60998275801025079224496 MILES WIDE and 428.175925654838233107647676 FEET HIGH by tomorrow! DO YOUR PART! 

brick bot is feeling under the weather, so brick distribution will be performed on a volunteer basis
 **FOR THE LOVE OF GOD GET THIS PATRIOT A COAT! THATS 205,505 COATS HANDED OUT!**

We are (%age) of our goal to coat the (population) great people of (City,State). Let's make sure everyone gets a coat in the United States! For every Centipede a coat, for every coat a Centipede!

This bot was created by devious1087, feedback always welcome. [Meme Reference!](https://youtu.be/OiYVVT1aQFM)

beep, boop, doin' what I can by hand.
Don't forget all the friendly censorin' folks down at Facebook!  They deserve a shout out too!  🙄
yeah me too.  I'm on mobile and when I brought up my subscribe list, bloop, T_D gone.  Then I had to go log in on desktop before it would let me back in on mobile... so ridiculous

(Disclaimer: the word "bloop" is a phonetic representation of an electronic sound effect, used strictly for comedic purposes, and is in no way a secret triple-coded racist nazi dogwhistle)
saidit dot net looked ok when I checked it out, but who knows if it could handle serious traffic right now.  It's kind of sparsely populated so far.
I’m not a bot guy, guy.
It's true though. Most of us can eat scorpion pepper sauce no problem. I'll admit that.
And yes we are all Russian bots
Life is all one big Lie
...and the best part is we dont ask for money like the Sanders sub.

#MATCH ME!
[removed]
I thought the bot was back for a sec
What happened to the train bot, coat bot and brick bot?
That's fucking bullshit. Fuck reddit so much. Then they reeee about us "interfering" with the election. This is so much worse.

(This comment is not a violent comment suggesting or promoting self-harm or other forms of violence, and in fact, looks upon such ideas as shameful)
Shareblue paid them off

(This comment is not a violent comment suggesting or promoting self-harm or other forms of violence, and in fact, looks upon such ideas as shameful)
On burgers or eggs?🤔
You have a big one if you can do that
Pffft easy bring on the pure Crystal heat
Sorry, no refunds!

... vote establishment!
"I don't know what this is but I'm giving my wife's boyfriend's paycheck"

(This comment is not a violent comment suggesting or promoting self-harm or other forms of violence, and in fact, looks upon such ideas as shameful)
Except for when you retards were asking for money for the wall PepeLaugh
*cue Larry David music*
Just trying to do my part lol
Owners have to login to bot, and accept accessing a quarantined community.
Wings bro, wings.
lol. never happend in a general sense. #fake comment.

You must get your news from Reddit, 

Get more informed.
We running analog bots now!
Good on you pede, keep making America great!
Bones and all.
https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/7st5mh/we_should_fund_the_wall_ourselves_only_400_per/
https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/5t1wam/shower_thought_if_president_trump_put_up_a/
https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/5quifw/would_we_be_able_to_start_a_gofundme_for_the/
https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/a6vv5o/is_there_any_reason_trump_cant_legally_start_his/

OH NONONO PepeLaugh
The only downside is you tend to get scratched if you're not careful.

Also, feather bits stuck between your teeth.
Of course it's targeted. The_donald is probably the most police friendly sub on all of Reddit.
From All?  Lol so much for the quarantine.  I'm not sure what Reddit thinks it has accomplished.

No one called for violence.  This was a political hit, 100 percent.  It's hilariously backfiring though.
The real “We” haven’t.  New accounts and people that hate us targeted this sub, recorded it, reported it, gave them the excuse.  We support our boys on blue through and through.
Ask yourself this: If they lied to about you about this, WHAT ELSE have they lied to you about? 

Think about it. You won't like the answer.

And then think about this: why in the HECK would the most police-friendly subreddit there is and will ever be, SUDDENLY start saying mean things about cops??

And why in the heck would Reddit suddenly start caring about cops??

Think about it. What other lies could there be now that you've found this one?
We are the "Blue Lives matter" people.

&#x200B;

If they cannot show specific posts of whoever called for violence against our Men in Blue, they are lying.
We've been Jussie'd
Here's some secret info for the new people. People reading this, feel free copying and pasting this in various posts to spread. Send it to liberals your arguing with online and friends and family in real life, and maybe they will come around, maybe not immediately, but will cause them to think, and eventually they will come around. This is where all this Leftist cray comes from:

In the early 1900s, a group at the Frankfurt School developed Critical Theory to convert the West to Communism

Basically, the Frankfurt School plan was to undermine the Judaeo-Christian legacy. They called for the most negative destructive criticism possible of every sphere of life to de-stabilize society and destroy what they saw as the 'oppressive' order. 

They hoped their policies would spread like a virus--'continuing the work of the Western Marxists by other means' as one of their members noted.

To further the advance of their 'quiet' cultural revolution - but giving us no idea about their plans for the future - the School recommended (among other things):

 1. The creation of racism offences.

 2. Continual change to create confusion

 3. The teaching of sex and homosexuality to children

 4. The undermining of schools' and teachers' authority

 5. Huge immigration to destroy identity.

 6. The promotion of excessive drinking

 7. Emptying of churches

 8. An unreliable legal system with bias against victims of crime

 9. Creating dependency on the state or state benefits

 10. Control and dumbing down of media

 11. Encouraging the breakdown of the family

One of the main ideas of the Frankfurt School was to exploit Freud's idea of 'pansexualism' - the search for pleasure, the exploitation of the differences between the sexes, the overthrowing of traditional relationships between men and women. To further their aims they would:

*attack the authority of the father, deny the specific roles of father and mother, and wrest away from families their rights as primary educators of their children.

*abolish differences in the education of boys and girls

*abolish all forms of male dominance - hence the presence of women in the armed forces

*declare women to be an 'oppressed class' and men oppressors 

Following Adolf Hitler's rise to power in 1933, the Institute left Germany for Geneva, before moving to New York City in 1935, where it became affiliated with Columbia University.
There has been postings here of the actual calls to violence coming from other lefty subs for a long time.
This has been an ongoing campaign against this sub since before Trump won. They had to change the algorithm to keep posts from here making it to the front page. As a subscriber since there were less than 2000 here, if there was ever questionable content it was always quickly crushed.  It is not an accident. Just look at what google has done in the past day or so.
Its targeted. And it can happen to any sub.
Thanks for approaching it with an open mind. If more people would do that we wouldn't be in this situation. Outside of obvious trolls I've only seen calls for willingness to use violence in self-defense or defense of others here.
their evidence is a lot of stupid bottom-feeder comments with like 20 upvotes. Also it's not hard to get a bot to upvote your comments. There's idiots in all subs but let's be honest, 99.99% of us are anti-violence, and pro-cop. This is just liberal censorship. Project Viritas, facebook, hell apple news... something has to happen... GOP needs to put in laws regulating this insanity.
lmao. Redditor for one month, only another post was here when the account was created. You're karma hunting man.
You need to be aware of some of the things. This is a result of the Reddit Admins inability to tolerate any politics that isn't their own personal belief. They've wanted us gone for over 3 years. They would have came up with a reason to ban this sub within 2 weeks of the election if Trump happened to lose. What finally was the tipping point this week was the Project Veritas video which caught a google exec explaining how they are going to censor and make sure Trump doesn't win again and ensure nobody like him ever happens again.

This was on Monday. Shortly after Reddit goes and permabans the Veritas reddit account as google is censoring and removing all copies of the video from Youtube. At this time TD is the biggest one pushing this video and story. Come Tuesday Media matters launches a hit piece on some planted comments saying we're a hotbed of hate and calls for violence. The reddit admins jump in and remove a couple of comments. 

The vox guy tweets about the same thing yesterday. Then this morning we get quarantined. Within an hour every major liberal news source has an article about it, the NYT, Wapo, politico, etc. This isn't about a call to violence. This is about catching google and silicon valley in their targeted censorship and saving google's ass from getting as few people to know about it as possible. That is why this happened today.

We all knew we were going to get cut on bogus charges before the election because TD is one of the most major threats in the world to the democrats winning in 2020 as it's a massive source of information against the narrative that they cannot control like they do the rest of reddit. You're only going to see more as everything that challenges progressive views, politics and feelings gets censored in the name of going against hate speech.
You're a regular poster here, not from /r/all.
you regularly post here, FAKE NEWS
You posted in this sub 11 times in the last month...
Fyi, you posted here so you will be banned from some subs, like offmychest.
> On any given day you can scroll through any comment section of a post in  a left wing sub that has to do with police and see plenty of people  doing exactly what t\_d is being accused of. No bans. No warnings. No  quarantines. 

100%
>Coming from /all. I’m not a Trump supporter, damn if this doesn’t look targeted.

That's why you post and comment here numerous times days and weeks apart.
Account is 1 month old... Regularly posts in T_D... Like hell you came from /all xD
I had a user tell me to kill myself because I am trans.  I reported it and that user got banned asap.  The mods at T_D have done a great job! I have been targeted by other people from left leaning trans reddits because I wont follow their trans socialist narrative, receiving nasty DM's from other users.  There is no reason to believe that a loyal T_D user told me to kill myself when anyone can post on these subs.
It's electioneering.  We won 2016 through social media, which is why we're being suppressed on every platform.  We need to defeat these tech giants.  We need a decentralized social media platform.
"not a Trump supporter"

looks at profile

Yep, op is a hardcore Trump supporter. Why do you feel you need to lie about supporting Trump?
It's ridiculous bullshit, and infuriating on every level. They did it shamelessly and with zero evidence beyond cherry-picked and no doubt targeted/shilled comment screenshots that no-one can even find.
A few times I have seen bizarre "kill all minorities" type posts and called them out as trolls trying to discredit this sub.  Of course the posts would soon be deleted.  After reading the content here, the stereotypical "extreme right" comments seem very fake.
Post history shows otherwise, I hate to be that guy. All you accomplish by doing this is make the rest of us look bad, ruining our credibility.
You have multiple submissions and comments in t_D and have been posting here for months. You didn’t come from /r/all, you’re a regular contributor here.

You bring up good points...but why lie about your origins?
You evidently are a trump supporter. Anyone can check your account and see your comments on this sub from the last month.
From an online perspective we are legitimately oppressed bc of our opinions. Big tech are legit Bigots
A couple of shills called for violence, their posts were removed & their fake accounts banned.  Then the quarantine happened.  It was a set up, probably by that Vox guy whatever his name is...
No you aren't, you've frequently visit this subreddit according to your comment history. Why'd you have to lie to us during this time?
If someone did call for violence against police it would have been heavily down voted here. Some idoit may have made a comment but its not something our group as a whole would support.
Its just selective enforcement per an agenda. The problem is how there is no trail where evidence is shown and a long train of abuses is shown with no attempts to fix by the mods. It looks like a few random accounts can post crap to get a sub banned. There is not going to be anywhere on reddit where a non left wing appeasing sub will be let exist. Might as well change the name to leftddit
What a shame. This stupid quarantine even took away the design of the sub. What a sad joke. If there's real proof of calls for violence, the site admins need to show it. Show us the comments, show us how long ago the accounts were created and show us how active those accounts were on this reddit. This whole thing is one big circus. There is no proof. Thread history will show that t_D is probably the **MOST** pro law enforcement sub on this entire site. All of a sudden we're calling for violence against police? It does **NOT** add up. 

Last I checked, conservatives weren't the ones marching in the streets chanting "pigs in a blanket" and holding up signs saying "the only good cop is a dead one". Those were democrats.
I don't mean to offend, but a quick look through your post history, you seem to be a semi-regular to this sub, and have enough conservative views to seem like you would've voted for Trump in 2016. (Contrary to what you said). 

I'm not saying it isn't targeted, not saying it is. It is just misleading, which isn't good.

Edit: Clarification
Finally can login on mobile!

Fuck you spez
Thanks for being rational. Once you see how obvious it is, it's more like an attempt at a sick joke. 

Quarantining arguably the largest generally pro law enforcement subreddit for advocating violence against police is laughable. 

If there are leftists out there gloating with glee that the Donald is quarantined/preparing to be banned because the dislike and disagree then at least they're honest. 

The sad part is the entire point of actions like this is to control the minds of the less intelligent or curious or inquisitive. Or at least people who don't spend a lot of time on reddit, or newcomers. The more intelligent leftists on reddit are laughing and are glad the mods are "finally" taking action in their eyes. They know it's pure bias and manipulation, they disagree with us almost completely, and they are utterly convinced that online censorship is good if it prevents some people from agreeing with us. 

The real victims here aren't redditors who subscribe to the Donald. The victims are normal people wanting to be informed and coming on this site for meaningful discussion and comments only to be presented a very curated website with lots of restrictions on the expression of numerous ideas (while still allowing other arguably heinous ideas and content). Admins are warping minds and influencing the most gullible and susceptible among us, aka most people. Worse, they do this while claiming to be fair.
Just go to the chapo sub, anarchism sub, fuckthealtright sub and their main message is ACAB ( all cops are bastards). “Kill all pigs” has always been their signature slogan amongst many similar ones. 

This quarantine doesn’t sound like a political move at all /s
You have a lot of pro-Trump posts for someone who supposedly isn't a Trump supporter.
This is a straight up Karma Whore. Have a downvote OP.
Something to keep in mind - the internet is mostly foreigners and bots......
Welcome, peace-loving friend. I appreciate your open mind.
It is.

And why not? Trumps doing great and makes all the right people mad.

Have a bit of fun!
The most ridiculous thing about it is that there is no sub on Reddit more pro-LEO than the people here and it's so blatantly obvious. Whoever is coordinating this smear campaign is just being plain lazy right now.
The Media Matters article lied right in the title “full of threats of violence” and then they proceed to show 9 posts. 

Full of != 9 posts out of thousands and thousands a day.

This is google executing Order 66.
Nobody here advocated violence we approve of. We're mostly anti war as well. We're pro public servant, but for limited government, and a strong military. The labeling as violent terrorists is bizarre. We create memes, make fun of everything and laugh. That's apparently effective to the point  we're being slandered.
The conflation here is that a couple of people who allegedly called for violence against police are a representation of this sub. 

1) Who are these people? I have not ever seen this kind of posting in this sub

2) Put their comments on display in this sub. You will find an overwhelming amount of disgust towards any person who would claim violence towards anyone, especially our boys in blue. 

3) Ban those specific users. Wouldn’t that serve the goal?

This whole thing is fabricated to stop the viewpoint of the right to go on. If you stick around this sub for any period of time, you will find all ethnicities, all sexual preferences, and more in peace with one principle in mind - freedom for me and freedom for thee.
It happened for a few reasons. Obviously nothing to do with cops, as you note. 

* This is the largest conservative online forum, so it is a legitimate target of the left, leftist media, etc. 

* There is currently a widespread movement to silence conservative speech on social media etc. This is orchestrated by dems, who are fearful that if the American people view conservative opinions, then the dems won't be able to sell their insane policies to the people. However, if they are able to control all of the information that people receive (the dems obviously control the media, and now Facebook, Twitter, Netflix, and Reddit), then maybe they can brainwash people into voting with their hearts and not their brains, even though using your brain is how you solve heart-breaking problems. Google is in congress today smugly denying this, while video leaks of them celebrating that they are doing it. 1984, folks.

* That's right, I'm saying: Dems cannot win the debate, dems will not debate you. So they just screech at you and do ad hominem attacks etc. It is completely predictable and boring to watch this happen every single time. You know they are brainwashed, and they don't, and they think you are an evil demon. So it's better if we remove all conservatives from their play-room, they are delicate snowflakes after all.

* 2020 is coming. Google has been working hard to prevent "the next Trump situation" (where the American people elect a president democratically), and insisting they must not be broken up, because smaller companies just wouldn't have the resources to [do presidential election interference]. So there is pressure on tech companies to help the dems steamroll all of those deplorable Americans who aren't even decent enough to live in San Francisco or New York City.

* It is easy to understand Reddit's relationship with The_Donald. They absolutely despise us, and they don't want to lose the traffic (money). 

In order to ensure there is no discourse outside of the radical leftist circlejerk, Reddit has decided to display a massive warning that users might be in danger before they view non-leftist perspectives. Literally "quarantined" conservative points of view, as the 2020 campaigns launch. Do the math.
I very, very, very rarely see any "calls for violence", not even close to as many as the promoted "politics" subs. they actively dehumanize everyone who doesn't agree with them, and suggestions that people like me should be imprisoned or harmed or killed for my political beliefs can be found on top posts of the other subs. 

The tech industry hates us because we're using what they consider their property to gather and discuss ideas they disagree with, and they especially hate it because we're winning. You have to understand that these are extremely emotionally weak people, they are loners who formed a group identity around being fucking losers, and now the people who rejected them in their teen years are  beating them on the platforms that they feel should be their safe space. It's not just Reddit, look at the massive surge in conservative popularity on twitter, youtube, facebook.. they can't stand it, so they reee and lash out by banning people.

We're not going anywhere. Ban this sub, ban every voice, do whatever you want. When you get legislated out of existence through anti-trust laws, we will be on other platforms laughing at your faggotry.
Of COURSE it's targetted.  Literally none of the so-called bad comments were reported to the mods.  They posted these comments, then wrote their article, then reddit took action.  How about next time they report the offending comments to the moderators instead of to their blog? Oh wait, that would destroy the narrative.
Not a Trump support? you have post and multiple comments about supporting trump...?
reddit is owned and run by some of the most authoritarian leftist hipster trash there is.  Also the real creator was likely murdered.
Now that we are quarantined you'll notice a lot less shills.
Thank you. Thank you for seeing what’s happening, and thank you for standing up for us and speaking your mind.
It is absolute targeting my dude.

Ive been here 3 years, and for 3 years i have fought with leftist retards who claim that we are racist, sexist, violent, nazis, etc.

Each time i asked them to provide proof (they ALWAYS claimed they had seen the evidence themselves). However, when challenged NOT ONE SINGLE TIME have they provided proof.

Btw, have you seen the recent OKeefe revelations regarding Google? have you seen targeting of conservatives on youtube, facebook, and twitter.
Welcome  

We’re no hate sub, we’re not white supremacists, nazis, etc.

# Sadly, because you posted here, now you’ll have bots autoban you from other subs.  BECAUSE YOU POSTED HERE.  If that isn’t systemic racism, I don’t know what is.
You've been posting here b4 your not new to this sub.  Looking into your profile makes it seem your sapping the headlines today.
Just search "ACAB" to see all the admin-approved calls to murder cops.
Your last post, from 3 weeks ago is from t_d. Wild.
>Coming from /all

On a month old account which posted to this sub the same day it was created? Mmmmmkayyyy.
You've literally posted here multiple times before, fuck off liar
But your only other post was also on the_donald?
Judging by your past posting history, you are a frequent donald visitor. So you are just an attention seeker.
You posted on this subreddit a month ago. Stop lying, karma whore.
Haha, except your phost history is largely this sub. Nice attempt at lying for attention!
I found these in only 10 minutes. When does Bad_Cop_No_Donut get it's quarantine?

http://magaimg.net/img/8b8q.png

http://magaimg.net/img/8b8r.png

http://magaimg.net/img/8b8s.png

http://magaimg.net/img/8b8t.png

http://magaimg.net/img/8b8u.png

Please make sure admins and the CEO (as well as media) sees this.
Stop with the fake "I'm from r/all but I disagree with this quarantine" stories. Just went through these accounts and they're all regulars here, exploiting the situation for karma whoring.
This sub is heavily targeted; I'd argue it's THE most targeted on this entire site. The fact that I was able to get back into this sub after hours of being only given a "BACK" button is absolutely asinine. All they're doing is drawing attention to Trump!
Yeah, I got chills down my spine when I thought "I wonder what TD is saying about the dem debates?" and found it was quarantined right before the debates. lmfoa.
You forgot to delete your posting history before claiming to not be a trump supporter.
Welcome brother!! Get on the Train!!
I mean, we're the "We have the best law enforcement don't we, folks?" DOMreddit. Its ludicrous, of all things they could accuse us of, they chose anti-police. Insanity.
>scour some of the top lefty subs for comments like those and put them all in a nice big album to be spread around and show the hypocrisy of Reddit.

The problem with that idea is Reddit Admins LOVE the hypocrisy and they love all the calls for violence against Republicans, so they'll allow it all.  They've been exposed thousands of times already.  It doesn't matter.  It's not that people aren't aware.  The top execs WANT it to happen.
Look what has been happening on other platforms recently. Youtube. Even a knitting site. The technocracy is trying to consolidate their control. No real user of TD called for any violence against police.
Thank you for your post!  We appreciate your support.

I’ve been here for years and I have never seen any call for violence.  In fact, everything I’ve experienced has been friendly and supportive.

Welcoming a new baby?  Lots of congratulations!
Death in the family?  Support, comfort, and prayers.
Christmas?  Wish others Merry Christmas, and its said right back to you!

The Donald to me is like family!  We love our country, our President and each other.
We didn't make any calls for violence that I'm aware of.  This entire sub is generally supportive of law enforcement.  We have a lot pro-law enforcement posts and comments.    

Thank you for coming here and making your opinion known, sincerely.  :D
Hey man, stick around and check the place out, you will find we are not any of the things the Reddit community thinks we are. Even if you dont support Trump, you will still find yourself entertained and see that most of us are good people.
Im subbed to bad_cop_no_donut and it has always been calling for violence against police, i have been downvoted to hell in there for suggesting that MAYBE there are 2 sides to some of the situations.
We’ve got loads of support for the men and women in blue.
The_Donald is basically "blue lives matter"the sub.

 this was clearly to get rid of this sub before the election 
It's so freaking obvious
Be careful there, you look like you've had too much to think. Better report back to Big Brother for some reeducation.
You woke up because of the obvious lie, but that's only because you are very likely seeking truth.

How many people are happy to remain ideologues? 

How many people are happy to support a lie to gain more power?

I think you're beginning to see the absolute horror show of the modern world, where a few unelected corporations are able to control the public dialog. Can you imagine what life would be like if Rockefeller, Carnegie, or Vanderbilt had been allowed the kind of power that Google, Youtube, and Facebook currently have?

&#x200B;

I'm glad to see you here, and hope you begin asking dangerous questions. Questions like "Why are these giga-corporations siding with those who'd have the masses believe they're anti-corporatist?" or "Are these massive media companies representing the truth, my best interests, or the will of their owners?". 

&#x200B;

Be warned: Those with an active mind will stumble over one question only to find a dozen more lurking beyond. The one regarding the media, for instance, may have you wondering if these companies are weaponizing your empathy to create unfettered migration in an attempt to put downward pressure on all wages, or maybe have you wondering why the supposed Gatekeepers of Truth are owned by largely foreign entities. 

&#x200B;

But I digress. Welcome!
This sub is the most pro law enforcement you will find. Most suspect it was one of the many groups trying to take us down posting fake comments and probably using their armies to upvote them, then writing media articles about how they saw it and crap. Even the MM article said the comments were removed by moderators.  
That’s one thing the mods and community members here do well, report and ban crap that’s against the rules.
Not a fully a trump supporter either but joined because i support free speech
They can't even figure out a believable way to ban us.  Every other post on this sub is in support of our first responders and military.  What a disgrace.
I can assure you that no Pede in this sub has ever threatened the lives of law enforcement. If anyone had, they would have been downvoted and banned into oblivion.
Dude, I'm an independent voter. I just hang out with the Trump supporters because they're funny. In all that time I've seen nothing but raw support for all of our first responders. I stopped hanging out with the "other side" because all they do is hate on them, all the time.
If I were to scroll through left leaning subs it seems calling all cops pigs and cheering their deaths is just way to show you fit in.
I don't think i've been on a more pro-law enforcement sub...
With the amount of law enforcement, millitary and Veterans I find probably in here I find it hard to believe some threats would be made here and not delt with
Thanks!!!   1984 is here.
If a few comments were scooped up by Media Matters, who likely made them anyway, the posters should be banned, not the whole Dom. This is extreme overreaction.
Q/Politics wants the president dead but that's okay, right?
Me too, he has good and bad (I wish he would drop the bad), but this will backfire and make independents (like me) a lot less independent.  Free speech means free speech, we the people can decide what we read and take in.
Don't know if someone did threaten them, but if they did, it is a random idiot or two. This sub loves cops. Every sub has a village idiot. Ours is usually a larping liberal.
https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/bnib7h/acting_pentagon_chief_military_is_not_going_to/en7wyzt/?context=3

Im pretty sure you called it out right here. What are you doing?
I wouldn't have spent the last couple of years here if this place was toxic or anything close to how it's being portrayed. Sure, sometimes I skip over things because they are just too petty or have been posted too many other times for me to bother with it again, and sometime I see an obvious troll posting something sketchy (sorting by NEW) but it's never something that people respond to. All subs are this way, but this one has the most interesting "counter points" to MSM...it forces me to go looking for info on things I wouldn't usually bother with.
And more importantly, they'll talk of violence against the president of the united states and ENCOURAGE IT.  

And now they want claims "oh follow the rules you won't get banned" yet they are fine with people crossing our borders illegally?  The logic is so fucking assbackwards.
We've got subscribers that are law enforcement or retired as well as active duty and military veterans as well as folks that just enlisted or got out of boot camp. I think you'll find that some of the best America loving folks that believe in the ideals so many died for are here. As well as freedom and liberty loving people from around the world.
Yeah, we are very Police, Army etc. friendly. We were absolutely targeted because we think differently and have sane values. As well as we are a Republican sub for the most hated President in history it seems.
I'm a first gen non-white female immigrant with an undergraduate STEM degree and a Masters. I'm a Buddhist.

We're not all like Reddit makes us out to be. I hope you actually do peruse this sub and learn a little bit more about us while you are here. Thanks for your willingness to be logical about all this, welcome to our little corner
Reading your comment history... You definitely are a Trump supporter lol
Whichever clown 🤡 wins the shitshow is in for a treat debating GEOTUS. Remember the pussy tape coming out right before a debate with Hitlery, so he put all the most famous sexual assault victims of Bill in the front row.  I can’t wait.
If T\_D is banned I will never visit this website again. I spend a LOT of time on it. Makes me furious, this reddit has been the most fun, safe community on the site.
The notion that suddenly reddit was pro-police in any capacity is perhaps the biggest honk of all.
Thanks for refusing to be gaslit.
> I mean, shame on this sub if you guys did call for violence.

Was there probably some pissed off posters saying some angry shit? Sure, I would be more surprised if there weren't. However, 99.9999% of the people here are in support of law and order, first and foremost. On top of that, the large majority of people here are pro-law enforcement.

If the admins judged every sub based on the content of a fraction of their userbase then SRS, Topminds and almost every leftie subreddit that pushes violent rhetoric, brigades, and doxxes should have been stamped out months or years ago.

This shit is a hit job by the admins because big daddy Google is butthurt Project Veritas blew one of their execs talking about how they're going to meddle with the election next year. Apparently Google is fucking God now.
Fuck censorship. Lurk you long time, now joined.
I consider myself politically left-leaning, but the way the US left is behaving is abhorrent. Fully support your right to say and believe what you want. Subbed.
Yep.  Coordinated as well.  This account is shadow banned now on other subs.
Just another one of their deep state hit jobs.  Fuck them.  They will never get my support EVER again.
Because it is. They have just been waiting for something like this to use as a stupid excuse to get rid of us.
Spez had aaron schwartz killed. It's a conspiracy theory but I believe it. 

Right around the time of schwarts death, reddit changed. Jailbait, pao, all the net neutrality, anti vax and other propaganda, not to mention certain parties cashing in bigtime.

Schwartz was against it, but with hundreds of millions of dollars on the line, what is one life?
Never seen any of that here. Of course it’s targeted but welcome anyway. First they came for.....you finish the story.....
Thank you for backing us up.
 If it was the other way around and left leaning subs were being quarantined, I would defend them as well.
Notice the others that were also quarantined? Duh it's targeted. You'd have to be blind not to notice it.
If you've been paying attention (getting your news from places other than the MSM and left-biased sources), this is just the latest of many efforts by big tech companies to stifle/suppress/slander/censor/demonetize/unperson anyone to the right of Nancy Pelosi.

It's only gonna get worse as election season warms up. Check out the latest Project Veritas video about Google doing what it can to prevent another Trump presidency.
During the last election I didn't vote Trump (Or Hillary). I never thought I'd vote for Trump. Now I am going too vote for him 100% and Donald can thank the left for it. The alt-left is the most fascist, racist, destructive, oppressive dumpster fire ever. It has destroyed the Universities, it has taken over and destroyed the MSM. The MSM was always tilted left, now it is tilted all the way towards mental. The regressive left supports segregation (look at occupy wall st, evergreen college, "safe spaces",etc) they are racists and open about it because it is against whites, their MO is to silence / deplatform / de-humanize all who aren't regressive-left extremists like them, this is fascism 101! They are using the media and social media to brain wash and refuse to entertain opposing opinions in the form of discourse or debate because every time they have been put in a position to explain their positions they get shown to be the ignorant virtue signaling rejects they are by being unable to put together coherent arguments or even sentences most of the time! The support socialism/communism which has caused the suffering and genocide of hundreds of millions of people yet they call people they disagree with Nazis! The Regressive left is the most dangerous thing this country may have ever faced! It is a cancer eating away at American Values, Individuality and Individual responsibility, free speech, capitalism, the 2nd amendment, and so much more! We as a nation much fight back! We must protect the country we know and love by standing up and fighting back again the fascist regressive left! I Love this country! I am proud to be an American and thank God every day for the privilege of being born here! God Bless America! Trump 2020!
If you came from /all, why is this account 2 months old and started commenting here 1.5 months ago?
Dude literally your only posts are on the_donald
Your third post ever and most of your other posts were on this sub
Speaking of targeted you are now autobanned from a handful of subs just for posting here. Reddit is a messed up placed
>I'm not a Trump supporter.

hmm... nice post history.
We've been "quarantined" for years when they first started changing the algorithm to prevent us from showing up in the front page.

I wonder how long before they have to walk this back.

This is 100% purely political.

This is 100% a prime example of "election meddling"
 

>damn if this doesn’t look targeted.

&#x200B;

naaaaaaaaaaaah
I'm guessing a comment or two were *planted* to justify quarantine - to start with. More plants will follow to justify shut down. Where are we all meeting up next?
I've never posted here - but I do enjoy coming and reading the memes. While I see you guys posting spicy memes I've never seen calls to violence - that's just not the energy/vibe I get from the place. It's such a shame and I was very upset - interestingly enough while I'm glad I can still view this sub - I can no longer view it on my app (I think on Android app The\_Donald is not accessible - like I can't see anything that's quarantined). 

&#x200B;

You guys are being targeted - censored - and it's ridiculous - they are gearing up for the Democratic debates and this is all a strategy - dont' be disheartened. Just know you guys have supporters - regardless of whether I'm pro/anti-Trump (I'm pro) - censorship seems to be something that's continually poking its head out.
Just before the debates too...timed?
Funny you should say that since your comment history shows you've been commenting on this sub for a full month now:

Yes, they’ll “wake up” and then all come to Orego...

https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/bpb9ek/so_suddenly_being_in_last_place_for_education/enry4a9?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share
remember the time the Reddit CEO quietly edited our posts, I trust nothing...
if you are not a Trump supporter, then why do you seem to have a lot of activity on The\_Donald and also seem to support right-wing points of view in your comment history. I love Trump as much as the next patriot, but faking being a right winger isn't helping this sub. We are smart enough to support a god emperor but dumb enough to believe this guy is a centrist ally??? common. He is a patriot pretending.
Another non-Trump supporter here.  I can't stand the left's bullshit and will probably vote for Trump because of it.  Ideally, I'd want to see someone like Romney in the White House, but the left is a danger to our freedoms with their censorship.

I'm a former BernieBro too.  Oddly enough, going to college is what caused me to see the liberal bullshit in this country, usually college is known for indoctrinating people.  Not me.  Fuck them, I want to keep my freedom.
If you want to see hate towards police officers the sub "bad cop no donut" is one of the worst I have seen
The_Donald loves our thin blue line. This is the only place (I know of) on Reddit where pro-police submissions regularly get upvoted into the thousands.

Of all the things to accuse us of...?
You're only a month old and have a list of islamophobic comments that got you shadowbanned all over reddit. You're not some newbie innocent.

Some people post boobs to get updoots. some give td a rimjob. same difference.
it's an interesting experience, being told that nobody is allowed to hear your voice anymore. it's saddening, disappointing, infuriating, and not unexpected.
Welcome to our sub! Now enjoy being banned from other subs and shit on simply for posting here. The targeting is real.
Stick around.
Thank you.
It's complete bullshit, they said we called for violence for public officials **AND POLICE**. If you knew this subreddit, you would know the sub is very pro-law enforcement and "Blue Lives Matter". 

So hearing this excuse makes it very, VERY obvious that this is a thinly veiled attempt to do a soft ban on this community and make talking points against Trump supporters. Eventually, they will try to do a full ban if they are not held accountable. 

Everyone should be concerned, because THEY WILL NOT STOP WITH US. Anyone that goes against silicon valley's dogma will become a target.
It's ok if you're not a Trump supporter as long as you look for the truth and don't just scream "ORANGE MAN BAD REEEEEEE!!". Discussion is encouraged here and welcome. We don't want to spread bullshit by any means and just look for what really happened. 

Look around. TD is fun, it's spirit lifting, happy, welcoming, loving, pro people, pro America and Pro Police. 

Make your own decision.
Thank you.
Your instincts are spot-on.
Reddit is and has been a trash heap for half a decade. Biased and censorious.
Oh damn De Blasio goes for the baby sheep’s  throat
Thank you for speaking out
This group has never since i've been in it acted like Antifa. Meanwhile, the left lib reddits are overflowing with violence again Trump and his family or the police.
They needed an out when people like Carlos Maza and Media Matters are setting their sights on us.

Reddit doesn't want their overlords to shut them down...
Thank you for informing yourself on the trouble reddit gives us and remember this is how censorship starts
The Nazis borrowed the "yellow star" from....ISLAM!
It's patently obvious to anyone that has actually read T_D regularly.
Take my upvote, human. You should be a Trump supporter!
Welcome. Enjoy the red pill.
The collective album of hypocrisy you suggested would get removed if presented to the rest of Reddit. And I mean immediately. The sub would ban the individual as well. This is not an exaggeration in any way.
Thanks for visiting.  We love our police here, they are on the front line helping to make America great again.
Because Vox said The_Donald should be silenced and the sheep are toeing the line.
Never, ever, have I seen anyone on T\_D advocate violence against the police.  Against "public officials"?  Maybe murder by meme but that's all.  I don't see people calling for Maxine Waters to be killed, or Pelosi.  Lots of shit talk about them but, not violence.

&#x200B;

Probably done because of the debates tonight and they didn't want real-time truth bomb commentary on it.
Serious question for the mods, does reminding people about 1776 count as violence? If so, please change my flair.
It's not really surprising. It's not the first time that Spez and his bunch of cucks had done something to this sub.

Although, quarantine is a first, and a new low.
Stick around and watch all of the other ways distorted and malicious leftist narratives keeps America from coming together and freeing all Americans to be the best they can be.
You just found out now that reddit is biased?
 

I  am not what you'd call a huge Donald Trump supporter (he's still better  than Hillary) but this nonsense with censoring anyone right of AOC has  got to stop! I've joined your sub in support of free speech. The fascist  pig Silicon Valley overlords and all their minions must be stopped at  all costs before they ruin our great country!

I  may disagree vehemently with what you have to say but I will defend to  the death your right to say it. If it's legal the platforms should not  be censoring anything.
It is.
THANK YOU!!
It's targeted without a doubt...and it's not just reddit...you think Silicon Valley is going to let 2016 happen again?
I've been here for a few years now, since mid-2016 at least,  and have never seen a conversation calling for violence in any sort of targeted way.
So let me get this right? Project Veritas releases a video about how Big Tech is censoring conservative content and trying to control the narrative and the very next day reddit drops a bomb on their biggest conservative sub. How dumb are these assholes?
> I mean, shame on this sub if you guys did call for violence. 

All you need is a freshly made hotmail account to shit post on Reddit. Shame on you for being stupid.
been saying this i've seen this so much on other subs and i think someone is going to accumulate a list of all the times this has happened and shove it up reddits ass as karma
I've been lurking here ever since we were at 13k Pedes. It's been my main source of news. I can't say I'm surprised... but I didn't expect them to actually push for the end of our sub this soon.
Redpills are delicious, aren't they?
>I’ve lost all faith in this website being “unbiased”.    

wow, sounds like you have been living under a rock for the last years lol; I hope this redpill is just the start for you; but beware, there is no going back ;-)
yea there's been a coordinated targets smear campaign on most conservative independent (non globalist) sources for like 3 years now :(
I've seen evidence of it but it's typically handled swiftly. First it's down-voted into oblivion and dealt with. This was a hit job. But hey we have a mod sticky that says "the opinions of a few doesn't represent the whole" or some some bullshit like that. That's rich because if that was true from the start we wouldn't be currently in this situation.
the more they try to censor us, suspend us, infiltrate the mods here, ban our accounts? the MORE truths get revealed.

fucking nazis, bring it shit lords! shit like this is why he won! and will win HARDCORE again.  cry yourselves to sleep you leftist losers
No matter where you fall on the political spectrum. ALL of the censorship by big tech should alarm you. Reddit is just following along with all the other tech giants at this point.
There is only one solution when you don't agree with somebody else's opinion... CENSORSHIP BY ANY MEANS!!
Some people did but most people here are for the police. It was just reddit wanting to quarantine this sub for it being republican or reddit not realizing so few people hated the police

But you are a good man for not agreeing with us politically but still supporting us in the quarantine
> Maybe some people here that are much more tech savvy than I should scour some of the top lefty subs for comments like those 

Heck I encourage you to scour THIS subreddit for those things. I been here every day, many times a day for nearly 3 years now and I can tell you have never seen any of the shit that Huffpo/Vox/Vice/MSM claims is here and readily visible.
Preach it brother
Of course, it's targeted. The left has a 'by any means necessary' morality which means all actions designed to destroy the right, even the most demented, underhand and immoral are, somehow, moral.
It's not target (it is).
Thank you!!! The reason they gave made it so obviously a hit job. This subreddit was a counter narrative to all the police bashing on so many other popular subs!!! I cannot believe they think we’re that stupid.
People are worried about The Donald because it is very red pilling.  I was a lurker for more than a year before becoming a member.
WELCOME! Thanks for the perspective. This dom being quarantined  is a bit of a shock. Especially considering the supposed reason for doing so.

>
Maybe some people here that are much more tech savvy than I should scour some of the top lefty subs for comments like those and put them all in a nice big album to be spread around and show the hypocrisy of Reddit. 

The hypocricy has been showcased. Multiple  posts. This all kicked off due to googul being exposed by project veritas. Extremely biased.
It is
Thanks for the support! We love everyone here who is a supporter of the freedoms that we ALL have. We're Americans. No matter the color of your skin, your sex, the religion you worship or the sexual orientation in your naughty bits.

We just expect one thing. That we all can exercise the freedoms given to us.
It's not because of anything to do with police. Reddit's management became angry that we were spreading the video exposing Google's censorship policies and intentions to program people via their products (search engine, etc) to prevent another "Trump situation." They openly talk about meddling in American elections. We nearly went to *war* with Russia over much less!
Dude, everyone talks shit about us UNTIL they come here and see we're chill.

Unless they're fully politically opposed and they CHOOSE to believe whatever slander they're pushing as narrative to shame people into voting left. Let's begin: "all BLUMPFTH supporters are evil voting 13yo nutzis that only vote right because they were bullied at school because nobody normal or from the cOoL kIdS would be against the us because we own the truth"
Jejeje, you dont have to support the Don, but in this subreddit Im pretty sure youll find most are respectful ppl who likes to joke around.
Everything at the same hour is targeted for a good source
He already excepts Legal Immigration
Thank you for coming here and looking for yourself to verify before writing us off, its really appreciated. Take care and we hope you join the cause some day
I knew they were going to play dirty come 2020 but I didn't think they would be so open about it.
It seems like cyber cell from the libtard side posted this abusive comments deliberately on this subreddit to target it. Since all the accounts are anonymous, they are taking advantage of it to further their political agenda.
These comments, holy shit. Folks there are but two possibilities: 

1) OP is a faggot 


2) OP is not a faggot 


If you choose either, you are bickering about frivolities. **E Pluribus Unum**
I don't remember calling for violence. But what would I know. I am just a red neck Trump supporter. Hurr durr! /s
the few posts that could be found were removed, reddit mods admitted it, but still banned the whole sub over one guy who was likely a libtard trying to get us in trouble.
It should be always remembered the Admin did nothing over a posted School Shooter threat on another Sub until their lack of action lead to the FBI being contacted directly.This was not just a moron hastily posted threat the person at first posted on concern over thinking about it  (reported to mods and admin) ,then posted photos of guns it had mentioned laid out with school bag and gym bag it would carry them in(reported to mods and admin again)was called out for choice of ammunition by usual morons  (reported to mods and admin again). Finally posted new ammunition it had brought for attack (reported to mods and admin).FBI officer it was reported to checked and  confirmed nothing had been done to their knowledge by Admin.
<3 HUGs for you, Swashberkler - thank you for having an open mind, and an open heart <3
The Donald is the head of the executive ie the chief law enforcement officer
You know it is, friend. Spread the word of this tragedy.

I pray it doesn't happen to you or any subs you frequent.
We love our police!!!
Surprise, it's the only way your side has a chance of winning, lying, manipulating, and even censoring all dissent isn't good enough when you can also smear an entire group of people. 

You're with the globalist multinationals like Nike that have you chanting about climate change while they make shoes and clothes in a country that is the world's worst polluter.
If you can't win, cheat
Same here. Not a supporter, but this is wrong. The left is really doing their best to push moderates to the right.
I did not used to be a Trump supporter -- until the left showed that they are bat shit insane and I could never trust them with power. 

The modern left is broken.  If they cannot be trusted not to destroy Reddit and censor the internet for their political candidates -- how can anyone possibly trust them with power.  

I was a lifelong Democrat in 2015.  I will never vote Democrat again while they act this way.
Hell, in cth, I referenced a police killing where the criminal litterally beat the cop into critical condition before he got the shot off.  They praised the "hero cop beater"
It wont work. Admins wont act unless it goes viral - and even at this point they might just brush it off.
Frankly, it’s doing us more good than bad, their hypocrisy is showing, their hatred is showing, their disgusting hits are showing, and to top it all off the subreddit is gaining more followers who are also tired about their lies and hypocrisy...
They're pissed because we kept posting about Google trying to meddle in the 2020 election.  They also suspended Project Veritas...
Thank you for writing this. It's complete horseshit. It really sucks these companies have allowed themselves to be hijacked by liberal loonies.
Has the Black Lives Matter subreddit been quarantined yet.  That is as anti cop as you can get, bet there are a lot of nasty things said on that thread about cops
This sub seems to have always been very Pro Police so this makes almost no sense. Black people Twitter and other young white kid subs are very open about their need for violence towards police officers so this makes even less sense.
There's always pro law inforcement/police posts here, including tribute posts. Makes no sense that there would be calls to violence on this subreddit, especially to call for harm against the police. Just weird. I think it's just reddit wanting to mess with Trump supporters since their 'moral and just' party is losing. Badly...
Of course. Vimeo, Pinterest, Twitter, Instagram, Reddit, Facebook, Youtube, Google, there's evidence for all of them that undisputably proves all of these use targeted censorship, and they're ramping it up before the next elections. 

&#x200B;

What do we do about it? I'm already using alt-tech. But normies aren't gonna, they'll happily let big tech brainwash them. 

&#x200B;

I've recently spoken with some people I thought were centrist and reasonable, and they were suddenly spouting far-left talking points, and when asked, they weren't aware of anything going on whatsoever, only were aware of mainstream media narrative, orange man bad nonsense. Like it or not, the left's approach is working, evil as it may be. I dunno. What can ya do?

&#x200B;

If big tech wasn't doing this, imagine how different things would be. You would have big personalities like Milo Yiannopoulos, Sargon of Akkad, whatever, calling out the left in humorous ways. You'd have investigative journalists , people like Tommy Robinson, Project Veritas, Laura Loomer doing actual on the ground work and reporting and real journalsim, exposing people without being hindered on platforms like youtube. the donald would be the largest subreddit with posts trending constantly. Political commentators would be making big bucks on Youtube, and having a lot of influence on facebook and twitter. You would get proper autocomplete suggestions and unbiased results, including decent right wing media outlets. 

&#x200B;

In short, if it weren't for this, the right would be absolutely dominating. But because these fuckers don't play fair, we're in deep shit now.
"calls to violence against police"

Oh come on we all know EXACTLY who calls for violence against the police and burns police cars and openly calls for white genocide......... Antifa and everybody involved with it.
You are a 33 day old account with 31 day old comments one t_d. If you're from r/all, I'm from Zimbabwe.
I can't even post police dogs on the "Dogs with Jobs" subreddit without people yelling at me.
Oh, I was expecting to see that someone already pointed out that Carlos Maza virtue signal tweeted which likely triggered the situation. I tweeted some infos that I noticed in a thread: [https://twitter.com/jason\_khanlar/status/1144067319519485952](https://twitter.com/jason_khanlar/status/1144067319519485952)
> On any given day you can scroll through any comment section of a post in a left wing sub that has to do with police and see plenty of people doing exactly what t\_d is being accused of. No bans. No warnings. No quarantines. 

Well that is a given.  Liberals don't have to follow the rules on Reddit.

I am not even a Trump supporter but this seems very suspicious.
Not only that, this place praises cops more than any other place I'm subbed to. It's clown world logic.
I wanna see if you still get banned if you comment here. Test
This has ABSOLUTELY NOTHING to do with police violence and everything to do with the violence of Marxist Globalism..
>because of “calls to violence against police”

Pff haha if it was just that. This sub needed to be quarantiened long ago for constantly breaking ToS with way worse shit.  
But I feel like you aren't actually just coming randomly from All. Negative comment karma with troll comments in politcal and lefties subs? Toootally you're just from r/all, right.
This is exactly what it is.. TD got Carlos Maza'd. plain and simple- you are dealing with publishers and editors, not a platform for your own opinions- they keep what they want HIVEMIND to see.
But you're not from /all. 

You clearly have a history of lurking and occasionally posting here, as well as spreading right-leaning views in other news subreddits. As much as what you say is true, if anyone from the left looks at your post history, they'll just think we're acting victims - in their mind, the quarantine is justified and this confirms their bias.

I absolutely don't mean to hate on a pede, but I don't want our side to turn into anything similar to theirs. The Right ought to be right.
one of the accounts making the comments they cited  was new user, no history no results in google , who was immediately replied to by user that had not posted in 4 years (and never in this sub of course)
[removed]
[removed]
I fully expect that the content being referred to was posted with the intent of being used as a pretext for censoring the sub.

But r/The_Donald is hardly the only victim of this, and most here would happily watch as this other content gets censored.

So y'all have to make up your minds: are you for free speech, or aren't you?
Get fuck and cry harder.
Your profile makes it very clear you are not from r/all lmao. Quarantining this was not enough.
[removed]
Tulsi is so bae
You've voiced your pro trump feelings consistently in this sub for months.

Don't lie.

All you facists can't take being on the wrong side of history.
[removed]
Dude

Recently, republican state senators in Oregon did a walk-out and refused to vote on climate change legislation 


State police were told to round them up, and a group of right-wing terrorists vowed they would defend the senators and murder the cops if they tried to do their job


This sub was a vocal supporter of the terrorists. Look at some posts within the last month. If that's not calling for violence against the police then what is it.
The best thing for T_D is saying "go look for yourself"...

A few years ago I literally searched "Donald Trump sub" on reddit to see how idiotic it was, then I learned how much of a lie everything about Trump was
The guy we elected literally ran on a platform that embraced the police and didn’t demonize them like the left.

The entire thing is insane.
It's absolutely targeted.  They want us talking about the quarantine tonight instead of laughing and making memes of the dumpster fire that will be the first Democratic Party debate.
If you want to know what the majority of any sub truly stands for search posts by top-all time. 

This how you would find out exactly what the majority of the people believe in. As you can tell if you do that search you’ll find zero hate but you find about 30 pictures of Donald Trump.
Crazy how the script flipped overnight. Sickening.
It was all PRE PLANNED........Notice the timing. The Democratic Debates {2 days} and Trump leaving to meet Xi in Japan. 

Frat boy Spez gets the Maza punk to "FEIGN" some kind of outrage, then they find a couple of posters shooting the BS about something in Jest, then they lower the Boom. Their problem is we are hip to their BS lies and to their scheming ways.  

They coordinate this, I bet that azz0 wont allow discovery, LOL. If we could look at his EMails it would show coordination with Maza ad the rest of the evil left-wing Socialist.
Hit them on their revenue. Firefox + uBlock origin / Brave / Blokada.org. AdAway. Newpipe. Stremio. Protonmail. Pcloud Telegram Signal Etc... Use their servers, don't watch their ads, don't give your data to them. I make a point of blocking ads on devices of family, friends, whatever device comes in contact with me, gets fully ad blocked. Hit them in their wallet, gold is their only God. I'm not even from USA but this censorship BS is outrageous.
Liberal are all for manufactured BLM propaganda
No, not at all.
They want to draw attention away from the Project Veritas video that targets Google
[deleted]
The Drama sub has a post on all gloating about this.
Look OP is flat out lying acting like he doesn't browse here... just check the post history. 

People are coming here from lots of other subs covering the news.
I doubt he came from All.   His post history is 45 days old and it’s all in this sub and shit posting in leftist subs.
They don't stop anyone from viewing or participating,  so what have they really done except allow themselves to be duped by a Marxist SJW?
At what cost though?  I need a brick and a coat!
Made a post earlier about having my front page being only the Donald despite their quarantine. Like i care I love it!
They made it really hard for the bots that used to come in here and manipulate posts to be effective. 

I am hanging out in /new/ and it is so much nicer.
The left will never learn that when they engage in these unfair and unethical tactics it tends to spectacularly backfire. This will be no different.
they are fucking losers.  every single one of them.  this only empowered us MOOREE and gave MMORE red pills
 Censorship 101
I don't have a link because I'm useless, but in the SRD post there's a link to an archived thread where someone paraphrases an earlier comment into 'we need to start hanging people' that was at +18. 

The OOTL post also includes several people linking to a story from a site called MediaMatters that includes several pieces of evidence, although I find some of these a little dubious in terms of grounds for quarantining a subreddit.

Nevertheless, there WERE calls for violence.
Talking about which - even if it happens not to be a targeted job - that due to sheer numbers and **the huge amount of people willing to discuss real social issues here** you'll always find some dissent, like some fringe people associating "the police" and wing of "Big Government" and so must be stopped along with "all politicians (are bad)". Perhaps 10000 to 1 kind of rare but they exist in the world and so you'll find "him" in T\_D.

&#x200B;

And that totally fits modus operanti of thought Nazis, in the 1984 variety. When circle jerks of /redacted are strong their own people won't even discuss things that warrants attention, so of course it's easier to so called "keep the peace" in cultist leftist groups . This sub is for free speech and thus will have some undesirables to which to downvote and call out; but being thought Nazis reddit cannot tolerate 1/10000 nutjob ratio here when they already have the freedom to use double standards on us.
Some people on other subs kept saying we didn’t have any upvotes because this Dom was all bots. Now most of our hot page is filled with 6k+ upvotes and we’re getting brigaded hard by the rest of reddit.
Wasn't Reddit pushing Net Neutrality?
Wasn’t it reported that George Soros said conservatives would be silenced on social media by 2020? I wish I had kept that article.
Only mean thing I had on my mind is that a bunch of squabbling, authoritarian shitheads who couldn't reach a compromise or drop the legislation wants to weaponize LEO's, not only putting them in an untenable position, but putting the citizenry at greater risk of crime...

Not a thing against the cops.
Yep,  once u realize this all hell breaks loose.
Lies, fake shit, and OMISSION.

I ALWAYS ASK.. WHAT IS MISSING THAT I'D LIKE TO KNOW.
Hang on. They're fabricating them now.
They deleted the evidence they used to cite the quarantine. And let's not forget spez (admin) got caught editing our comments here. Reddit is literally fascist.
There are probably thousands of examples with a few upvotes or dozens of downvotes that fit the description of what they describe as "a call to violence."  What makes it unique here is they use the obvious minority to enforce site-wide rules in instances where it does occur here.  Obviously the examples of that same behavior are not penalized as thoroughly elsewhere.  Textbook double standard when enforcing rules on one community and not others.  Some people call it "hypocrisy." 


Spez:  This kind of uneven enforcement makes it especially, unfortunately, important to report and deport abnormally provocative posts tinged with violence.  I've been suspended before though I cannot remember why at this point.  People will be caught in the crossfire :/
I could create a burner account, and hang out on any sub for a month to establish history then go full racist. It means nothing and they know it. Nobody is fooled by this, especially the people cheering it on.
Official Reddit accounts on twitter confirmed it was a response to this hit-piece:

http://archive.is/d2yOu

Now notice how that hit-piece lists comments with upvotes  ONLY ranging from +1 to +53.  On a sub of 750k people.  All you need is a few dozen farm accounts to upvote retarded comments and you get where we are now.
When they posted that screenshot of users whose comments were removed, I looked at each user and found the comment that was in question. It was all really subtle, like saying if shit ever hit the fan at least they had ammo. A dumb thing to say on our sub since it's under a microscope, but perfectly acceptable anywhere else on reddit. I see shit like that every single day on the politics sub.
well this is maga country, after all
Ha.  Need a meme for this and create a new post.
So you are just going to bust out a 3rd level red pill on this normie?  This guy is just discovering that the left on reddit are dishonest pieces of shit and you hit him with a reddish black pill?  Yikes indeed.  

Kudos.  Somebody needs to let these people in on the game.  They are being used as pawns - might as well give them the story of their enslavement while they are here.
What would you say to people who think Critical Theory is a conspiracy theory?
Hello, yikes department?
All the time! Biggest hypocritical crock of shit I have ever seen on here.
"Punch first"
No, it will never happen to leftist subs.
Nope. Admins can just turn a blind eye.
Looking around at stickies on various subs it's redpilled everyone right of marx. They know they are next.
RIP cringeanarchy
Hijacking your comment because it's high up. OP has a 45 day old account that posts only here. Karma hunting.
Frontpage is full of leftist who says all the police are racists againts blacks. And somehow they banned T_D for being Anti-police.
Exactly.
Came here looking for this. Cunts a liar.
Yikes - a LARPER.  Stop LARPING as a normie, OP.
First time we've got to use the "You post on the-donald" against someone
He's posted here multiple times prior to this post
I never heard of that place until they told me I was banned. It strikes me as an attention getting ploy more than taking away something you never wanted. A participation trophy of sorts, for resisting.
The Trump Train's got a rainbow upholstered car with lots of glitter ground into the carpet for sure.  Don't tell the Leftists, though - they think they've got a monopoly on the LGBT crowd.
Exactly, if I spot one, I'll even read their comment history on this sub and usually it is all racist junk vs their other post history being low-energy contributions to random other subs. Maybe they're just stupid/low-energy in general, but they still get reported.
> why lie about your origins?

Internet points. OP is just a vulture taking advantage of the situation. It worked, unfortunately.
Lispy Queer
Sounds like Democrat collusion with a foreign government creating troll accounts. Anyone read ender's game?
He's just karma whoring..
Even if it is, it only helps our cause...
They chose this campaign to drive us insane.  Fuck them we are stronger than that.
Bingo!
doubt it, they are out in full force today.
I share similar sentiments too. Don't think I've ever visited this sub before.
[removed]
Nobody is fooled by these tech companies.  They are not arbiters of truth.  They are partisan actors and the 2020 election is just about to kick off in a serious way.
[removed]
I agree. Dude has posted her multiple times. Fuck this garbage karma farming shit
Dudes been on this sub for at least a month look at their history.

This sub is straight brain dead.
Wow. I hope she has fun.
Cmon dude. He’s not being a dick.  He is offering support!
LUL
[removed]
I've never. 

You're lying. 

Go in any thread on reeedacted about Trump Jr., boom. There it is. 

Its disgusting
Did you screenshot any? ^no
Same.
Everyone speaks of T\_D as it's a well-known fact that it's full of hate. I finally decided to check it out myself and just like you was surprised to realize that it's one of the most friendly subs. I don't agree with everyone commenting on every post but the vast majority of people are open minded, honest and courteous.
I recall hearing horror stories about this sub,  about the hate and racism spewing from here.  So I took a quick peek from a different computer to see what the deal was.  All I saw was silly memes! 

So I stayed longer to see the silly things and creativity.  Than it became the only place for news updates,  the Pulse shooting was the one.  

I've asked in the past for people to link me to hate things on here, and imstead of answers I get banned for trolling.  

Reddit is sad. I've been here long enough to recall the days that free speech was most important. Amazing how far that has drifted away.
Same. I also looked for "racist debate" and found Rushton and Jared Taylor. I was ready to laugh at the racist morons and then I was like.. wait... fuck... their opponents are mongoloids... oh no everything I know was a lie lol
That's how I got here. The media told me you were bad and I should never ever come here....and to take their word for it. So I came over. It's that other popular "politics" subreddit that silences and soft bans me any time I show up and dare to speak.
Same
Literally same, I sadly fell for the leftist trap and voted for Hillary. (Rookie mistake)
Same
This is why it’s quarantined.
Did exactly the same.
I remember that too because I was doing the same thing August of ‘16
That is what led me to be a bit more political and support him. I never voted until 2018, not even in 2016. I wasn't fond of either candidate as cliche as that sounds, and even during my time in the Corps when it effected me quite a bit I didn't, or in the Iron Workers union where they tried to tell us who to vote for (Obama). However, since seeing past all the BS I have said to myself that there has to be a reason they're spinning the lies the way they are and pushing so hard against him, so I started paying more attention and supporting him.
I was trying to figure out which Republican to support during the primaries so I was researching the top 4 or 5. Kept hearing about how stupid Trump was and how idiotic his supporters are “especially the_donald” so I searched for it myself. Been here since 60,000 subs.
It's honestly fascinating how some people can come here and see the light. That so much of what is said about The_Donald and Pres. Trump is untrue and misleading to say the least.

 While other people come and see the same things as you did only to dig in and double down on the lies theyve been told...
Same basically
They want their lies to go unchallenged.
You deserve another brick!
That's how I found out about T_D
Heading into the 2016 elections I went to the main political forum and asked for pro's and con's of Trump.  Most of the replies were "No pro's".  I figured if the man had made it this far he must have something going for him.  Luckily one reply recommended this sub.
>Heh let‘s see what goofy shit this alleged billionaire has to say ...

*watches rally*

>Holy shit he dares to say things no politician would ever dare to touch and the people love him.
oh man! same with me! i wanted to know more about trump except when i got there, i saw how idiotic it was!
I've been on the trump train since primaries, however I didn't start browsing T_D until I kept seeing random leftists comments saying "it's a troll sub," or "they're racist bigot homophobes in there"

I've always known those comments were full of shit so I went to go verify it for myself, now its one of my favorite subs. Funny how that works.
That's how I got here.
Ssst, this is literally the reason td is gonna get banned now
remember when the DNC paraded around a bunch of thugs mothers at the 2016 DNC convention? it was disgraceful.
And really, does anyone think we would tolerate statements of violence against police, soldiers, or ICE and Border Patrol here?
We will meme anyway.  It's what we do.
On a lighter note, how about Elizabeth Warren dodging that question about using the government to take guns?

They want our guns, pedes.
Exactly this, I was going to laugh my ass off at how ridiculous the Dems  are and check here for the memes.
I'd bet good money that you've described this bs op completely accurately. They probably even sent in false flag posters to do exactly what they're now accusing us of doing. Such obvious bullshit.
You are a patriot
Lol. K bro
When you’ve been blue-balled for your whole life, it feels great to finally get some semblance of a release, even if it is technically self-harm


(This comment is not a violent comment suggesting or promoting self-harm or other forms of violence, and in fact, looks upon such ideas as shameful)
Technology has a post gloating about this and it's heavily shilled with plenty of the top posts reeeing about how every serial killer known and unknown was born of The_Donald.
I get that.  It's still having the opposite effect.
Those dipshits banned Captain Kirk for fucks sake.
Drama is just doing what it does. They are a good laugh and they hit both ways, it is what it is
About what? Except for missing bots, what's different?
Drama banned me and i never even visited it lol. I guess i triggered a mod who was lurking here.
which was on the top of /all/rising right before hitting the front page of /all

LOL streisand effect in full effect today
Got downvoted on a comment on that sub for simply saying that it sucked that a sub that is 95% memes and conversation about our president was targeted because a small percentage of people said terrible things. Even admitted that while it can be an echo chamber a lot of the time, that it's no different than any other sub targeted to a specific audience on reddit. 

&#x200B;

People wouldn't have it and instead were saying that the 95% should be vilified for allowing such hate-speech to ever occur. If I'm being honest, I haven't interacted with this sub much after the 2016 election. I'll lurk from time to time and see the stuff that populates my home page (after about 50 posts I forget I'm on my home page because everything on here is upvoted so much that my home page just becomes t\_d trending). After this whole ordeal, I think I will be coming here to interact much more than I have been.
Every post outside of TD and a few of my niche sport subs have been celebrating the Qtine
Damn, that's lame.
I checked the first page. Last content is weeks ago, and they post in /news and /fuckthealtright and some fallout subs. Their one post here is a fallout meme they didn't even know where it came from.
Well everyone will believe and upvote him anyway, so what can you do I guess
>the huge amount of people willing to discuss real social issues here 

"Discussion" usually involves differing viewpoints. My experience of T_D is that you get banned, fast, if go against the grain - for instance by being critical of The (actual) Donald or the GOP's policies. This sub would do well to be more tolerant of different perspectives.

E: Yes, I am a lefty. Go easy on me fellas.
Yeah but like, government is in bed with telecoms, so we should make telecoms a government utility to solve that.
They would advocate dumping used motor oil on baby seals if Donald Trump said not to... These people are deranged...
He gave 500 thousand to the dude who beat a guy I know as the state’s attorney of Va
I would not be surprised.
The submitted them and immediately screenshotted them before they could be removed. Then they cry muh violence and muh racism.

(This comment is not a violent comment suggesting or promoting self-harm or other forms of violence, and in fact, looks upon such ideas as shameful)
They have some but they're bullshit and only have a handful of upvotes and have since been deleted.
That and communist.
When the radical few shut down the voices of millions. 

(This is not a call to violence nor should you take it that way. I look down upon violence and deem it as shameful.)
Quick, get the bleach
Look these things up for yourself, don't take my word for it.
When u start  doing your research you might develop a nasty ruthless streak.  I literally wouldn't mind watching the democrat party cease to exist as a political group. It should never have been allowed to continue operations
This is all taught in universities now.  Its not a conspiracy theory.  Hell talk to an SJW.
The whole "yikes" thing is so absurd.  Its as though the person actually using it is so discombobulated by information they see as verboten that they cannot actually articulate a response and instead just "yikes".  Its ultimately a very weak and pathetic sort of response to seeing something one does not wish to accept as true.
Honestly it's exactly what has happened between birth control, alimony, welfare, abortion, all the affirmative action. Fathers are regarded as less than worthless, television has had horrible representations of fathers for over 30 years. Women are discouraged from becoming mothers and then we have nothing.
Not with the way tech companies are currently structured.
It can. If reddit shifts more left then the current left will look moderate unless they adapt.
Yes it will.  Leftists always tear themself apart.  Look at the pussy hats. First they are a beacon of leftist pride, less than a year later,  they are deemed hate speech.   I wish I was kidding.  Once you allow the banning of hate speech,  anything outside the approved narrative becomes hate speech.
Could be a non-Reddit member who just browser all.
I only post here but use other accounts on other subreddits because if you post once on T\_D people will find all your posts, call you out as a Trump supporter and everyone will downvote you. The rest of Reddit is so crazy against Trump that they will do anything to shame his supporters.
"Not a Trump supporter but..." 

If you are redpilled enough to post here, you should damn well be a Trump supporter.

(This comment is not a violent comment suggesting or promoting self-harm or other forms of violence, and in fact, looks upon such ideas as shameful)
Fake news
I'm not guessing. 

I hang out in /new all the time. I'm seeing much better ratios and no "rocks". Random "Rising" posts are  shot down daily by a hundred or more downvotes. The only explanation is bots targeting the post.

I haven't seen a single "Rock" since the quarantine started. I'd typically see two or three by now...
Excuse me, what point are you even trying to make?
Hows that Trump Derangement Syndrome going for you?
Hey, they want us to enforce our rules! LOL
[removed]
Jesus,  I was a defect Bernie supporter.      I literally donated $110 total to him and was a broke joke.   I’ve NEVER donated to any candidate before that because I thought they were all cancer.    Bernie was supposed to FIX the system and then sold out and gave my money to Hillary Corrupt Clinton.    Fuck the entire DNC.    Also fuck the RNC.   Trump is the only candidate who does what he said he would.    I will give an honest candidate my vote any day if they fix problems vs assholes who do literally nothing promising the world.    Fuck both parties.
Yeah ditto.  I thought Trump was this bumbling buffoon that was just in it for the publicity until some post in another thread lead me to this sub.  I started comparing what the media and other subs were saying against Trump vs. the actual stories with context and started realizing everything being said about him was a God damned lie. Then I started researching Trump and watching old interviews and amazingly enough he's had the same consistent message since the late 80's, other countries take advantage of us, China's a problem that needs dealt with, traditional politicians don't get anything done.  The more I researched the more I started thinking for myself and now the bias is so appallingly obvious I have to search out multiple sources and form my own opinions vs just accepting whatever news source I happened to hear something from. Trump being elected has forced me to take things with a grain of salt, evaluate what I'm told objectively, then look for the underlying motive behind whose telling what version of the story.

Don't get me wrong, I don't think Trump can walk on water or is the greatest thing to happen to this country since it's founding. I'm a left leaning thinker who voted for Hussein twice (what a mistake that was) but I guarantee I'll be voting for Trump in 20.  Love him or hate him he's a man who does what he says and has been consistently providing results regardless of the deck being stacked against him.

Last thought. I've lurked on this thread since about October prior to the election. This quarantine promoted me to sub. I created an account a couple weeks ago and subbed up today.

KAG 2020
Same
Double-Plus Same.
# #MeToo

Still here, still laughing.

It's the most inclusive and friendly sub on Reddit. And it's only Prerequisite is to support Trump or keep that opinion to yourself. Not much to ask on a sub that is for Trump supporters.

And did I mention it's fucking hilarious.
Same here.... fuck
You'll find a lot of us actually are. We're just made out to be the horrible people of the world because we don't fit into the "progressive" worldview, most people don't even try to get to know any of our positions or beliefs and simply start attacking either our intelligence (as if being a conservative immediately makes you dumber than everyone else), or start calling us racists, bigots, Nazis, what-have-you. 

It certainly doesn't help when there are pundits like Rachel Maddow, Chris Cuomo, Don Lemon, and more that push the idea as well, often times essentially saying "don't engage with them, they are evil."

The problem with that is, if you do engage with us, often you'll find that 95-99% of us don't fit the label and are actually good people. It's used as a way of framing us to be the enemy, so they can claim moral superiority even if they're peddling smears and false information.

I wish everyone could be like you, and actually come with an open mind. A lot of people don't, and come here with preconceived notions which they then project onto someone here.
Of course there's always bad apples, but I find this sub to be generous, patriotic, and frankly just fun to be on. Everyone isn't a racist, Islamaphobic, fascist. We're just normal people.
The next step is to ask yourself, what else are they lying to you about.
Looking back I just realized that lefty subs are full of cynicism, sarcasm and mockery. It was very fatiguing to read through their comment sections. People here are more lighthearted and fun.
The_Donald is the one sub that will not censor any news nor leave out “non-PC” information. 

This sub was also the only one which didn’t delete videos showing the true story about the Covington scandal just after it occurred.
I used to have a screenshot saved somewhere that showed this subs subscriber activity - and the day of the Pulse NIghtclub it's a huge, huge influx of subs.
I don’t agree with everything Jared Taylor says nor have the same wants for America, but he is a very intelligent man who makes thought-provoking arguments. 

Anyone who makes the claim that America is *not* actually a racist, white-supremacist country, however, is going to be *hated* by leftists.
Yup, that's essentially the media's modus operandi. It's why diehard leftists won't even engage with us, because every liberal pundit (Don Lemon and Chris Cuomo specifically come to mind) has put it in their heads that we are undesirables, and pure evil, and that you shouldn't engage with us because our ideas and beliefs aren't worth credence.

The issue is that many people who listen to these talking heads don't actually know any conservatives and take the media's word for it, and because of that, don't even bother to listen to us before calling us racist bigots or some other crazy shit, without even getting to know us, or our beliefs.

I'm glad I'm seeing more open-minded individuals subscribing after this misstep on reddit's end. This is going to backfire on Reddit, hard.
We all make mistakes! Happy you're in the club.
On the bright side, this sub being quarantined tells me that it gets under leftists' skins and that makes me satisfied :)
I can imagine the flood of downvotes and snarling at the fool that tried - we want order and rule of law here.
The rest of Reddit: OUR QUARANTINES AND BANS WILL BLOCK OUT THE SUN!

T_D: Then we shall meme in the shade!
We shall go on to the end. We shall meme in Reddit, we shall meme in the chans and Twitter, we shall meme with growing confidence and growing strength in the air, we shall defend our movement, whatever the cost may be. We shall fight in Silicon Valley, we shall fight in the default subs, we shall fight in the YouTube comments and in the knitting forums, we shall fight in the Discord channels; we shall never surrender.
Never believe a leftist when they say "No one wants to take away your guns."  

It's probably their most-repeated lie.  They would absolutely take away your guns if that pesky Second Amendment wasn't in the way.
> *(This comment is not a violent comment suggesting or promoting self-harm or other forms of violence, and in fact, looks upon such ideas as shameful)*

kek kekity kek
Shame is a form of structural violence, BANNED!
God damn fucking Kek.
that's the beauty of suppression, you can say anything about the suppressed and get away with it.
Hilarious. All the gullible people... where do they all come from?
When pretty much every mass-shooter has been “Democrat”.
Streisand Effect.
Context? I’m not in the loop on that one!
I'm not sure they "hit both ways." I think I'm on one of their ban lists, which rarely happens to me, but when it does, it's always a lefty sub.
Someone lied on the Internet?
Websites need to declare if they're platforms or producers and be regulated that way and not have it both ways like they currently do. The companies that let you reach their sites should be unregulated and I don't think they require government intervention. It becomes a larger issue when the service provider also owns the news websites like with AT&T and CNN but I think that just means there should be laws where a telco shouldn't own a news company.
The CEO of Reddit mass edited the domreddit. Any post is untrustworthy. Any comment. Any title. It was previously thought impossible to change titles. 

That day was pretty funny, the man truly snapped.
What's the difference?
Communists are just Red Fascists. That was the term used by the anti-Stalin (and anti-Soviet) Left back in the 1930s.
Obama was against gay marriage in his first term. He has become too right for the left. They will eat themselves when we are gone.
I fear the day that CTH is considered right wing.
That is true lmao. Imagine chapotraphouse ever getting banned

(This comment is not a violent comment suggesting or promoting self-harm or other forms of violence, and in fact, looks upon such ideas as shameful)
Chapotrapohouse is safe, though
Proof or get out.
I went to my state caucus to cast a vote for Bernie as the Democrat nominee. I'd never given a shit about politics before that and barely had enough enthusiasm to go vote in the presidential elections previously, but I was willing to drive out to a building I'd never been to before miles from my home and sit through a bunch of boring bullshit speeches because I wanted to voice my support for a Sanders nomination.

Then the DNC brazenly rigged the shit out of their primaries, Bernie cucked the fuck out and endorsed someone who represented everything he had claimed to oppose, /politics flipped overnight into a Clinton shill sub, Wikileaks showed just how corrupt the Democrat party was, and months later I wandered onto this sub to see what "fucking Trump" was all about since even then I sure as shit knew I wasn't going to get the truth from mainstream reddit.

Later that November, I ended up casting a vote for a Republican presidential candidate for the first time in my life.
Same here, first time in my life I EVER donated to a campaign was for Bernie. I was soured on the GOP after what they did to Ron Paul, then I watched the DNC do the same to Bernie (and watched him flip and endorse someone I could NEVER vote for).

Voted for Trump, and will do it again.
STILL NO REFUNDS!

(Sorry, had to.  You at least get a coat and bricks here.)
Did you get a refund?
No refunds, but think of it this way...you spent a measly $110 to wake the fuck up. Not a bad bargain really.
fuck the dnc, fuck the rnc.  goooo trump! i dont give a SHIT about anybody else.  do you hear me!?!
This is my story.
Same only I donated to Bernie 29 times and volunteered on his campaign. 

I want my money back.
I was a Bernie supporter than third party supporter. I didn’t like trump at all. I even switched parties to vote against him in the primary. 

After Bernie sold out I voted third party. I then went in reddit with a large group trying to reform the Democratic Party. As an active poster, in my other account, on those boards I kept running into attack’s from the left. when never posting in TD I was attacked as a “Trump supporter”. I checked the sub out and made an account just to post on it sometimes. I know post a lot more.

If the average democratic voter spent a week in reddit looking at TD and then popular left subs most would vote for trump.
Yep
You know he is doing something right when all the established politicians and deep pocketed elite hate him.
About 65 percent of the RNC are sold types, the 35 percent worm their way into the leadership.
EXACTLY! Screw both parties! I don't care for either of them! They make their own rules. Both of them! Ron Paul in 2008. Bernie in 2016 (yes, I was a supporter and voter for him before he sent all of my cash to the DNC). 


The parties don't give a shit about the common people. They don't care about the factors hurting the middle class. Illegal immigration keeping wages stagnant for the hurting black population. Health insurance inflation and university costs bubbling, creating trillions of dollars in debt due to government "support". The system is corrupt and people are too busy eating the brainwashing, vile shit the media spews at them to continue the cycle of fear.


Trump is our last voice. We have given up on the republic process. There is too much abuse of us citizens. We will stand in solidarity for peace and freedom, and for solutions to our many problems.
You should ask Bernie for reparations
I was fooled by the Bernie too but did not donate $.  I voted for Trump and will again in 2020.  Pray for him everyday
#HE CAN STILL WIN!
Welcome to the MAGA party!
Right there with you. While I come from a historically conservative and Republican area in East Tennessee, I have always leaned to the right in my political views. But as the years go on, the more I hate both parties in general. People need to stop looking at politics as R versus D and vote for the candidate you think will do the best job. Now don't get me wrong, I agree with Republicans on 90% of the issues so I often still vote that way, but people should still take the time to meet candidates in local/state elections and pay attention to their state's national races. Honest hardworking people on the other side who are WILLING TO HAVE A CONVERSATION WITH THE OPPOSITION AND NEGOTIATE are way better than any career politician in my own party who refuse to even open communications with the other side of the aisle.
#match me! no refunds!
Imagine being turned into such an ass blasted brainlet by Clinton that you'd support a far right senile wannabe demagogue over a middling Dem candidate.
That's not what happened.  Bernie used your money for his cause, then lost.  Hillary didn't get your money, Bernie spent it.  You supported something you believed in and it didn't happen, but he didn't betray you, he just didn't get chosen by the dems to run.  That's not his fault.
Same. I was an idiot too, I did get my money back thanks to help from this sub though.
Brace yourself for bans from random subs because you sub to The_Donald...
>Then I started researching Trump

Well, we don’t want that!   Had to research trump when all links are gone from google, all videos are gone from YouTube, and all discussion is gone from here.
Well said. Trump is not perfect by any means, but he is the most legit leader we could have possibly picked and outside of perhaps Ron Paul, is the only one who has even emerged as a viable option in decades. That fact alone is disgusting. It shouldn't take a divisive, even cartoonish figure like Trump to get shit done. The President shouldn't even be a major focal point, simply a just-minded patriot who fiercely believes in the Constitution and the people of this nation. It is sad that so many of our citizens would prefer people who are utterly un-American to lead us.
welcome!! if you go "too far" in some of the admins and mods views, you might be "flagged" or "suspended" dont let them scare you
Whew - you almost brought a tear to my eye
Welcome Pede.  We are truly happy to have you!

You have seen the light and misdeeds of MSM and have achieved the ability to think critically.

We embrace you as a brother/sister.
The Convington one is just icing on the cake. A polite kid in public was attacked as some hateful nazi by the left because he had a smirk. It's such bizzaro land with the leftists, I'm really happy this sub is here.
Omg, how dare you make light of climate change. Didn't you watch their debate? It's SERIOUS BZNZ.
FOR TONIGHT, WE DINE IN KEKISTAN
Okay- you really made me laugh with this one.
Nicely done. I read that in what I imagine to be Winston Churchill's voice.
I WILL NEVER FUCKING STOP. i will meme until my fucking fingers are bleeeding!
I mean, if you want an absolute example to point to.. just use Eric Swalwell, he's only saying what they refuse to.

Guy literally (and infamously) suggested he would like US firearm owners if they declined to comply with the **mandatory buyback**. It's obviously gungrab if the buyback is mandatory..
"Oh... THAT pesky second amendment? pfffft. I mean, come on, fellow non-binary peoples, we all know that the second amendment was only for muskets and clearly an outdated concept that is only supported by the alt-right and perpetuates toxic masculinity, right?"
🤡
That should be on literally every comment on this sub, apart from the obvious exceptions.

(This comment is not a violent comment suggesting or promoting self-harm or other forms of violence, and in fact, looks upon such ideas as shameful)
Some people find shame to be sexy
The Streisand Effect will bring TD back to glory

(This comment is not a violent comment suggesting or promoting self-harm or other forms of violence, and in fact, looks upon such ideas as shameful)
https://comicbook.com/startrek/amp/2019/06/25/william-shatner-reddit-ban-twitter-/
They banned like 95% of subs as a meme, I got banned too. They literally shit on everyone and just live for controversy
Platform vs producer is exactly right.
I'm convinced this is the single most important issue of our lives. If we lose the freedom to express our selves online we have lost our freedom it self. If we give in we are accepting slavery
Leading up to it I thought I saw a cartoon diagram of him having a red cheeks looking to the ground, another scene showing only the top of the head while being at the same height as the middle waist of another man, then shows another scene where his wife behind that man with another man behind here with the lower parts not showing while a bit of her shirt raised while the face showing a pleasure look, and then finally in the last scene where it is black with the white words of "Did I do good?".

It has been a long time since then, and your comment made me remember it. I want to bleach my mind right now. Thanks for helping me remember that trauma.
Two sides of the same fiat currency.
>What's the difference?

On the so-called political spectrum:

Communism = very far left, 

Fascism = very far right.

http://villa-chems.com/communism-vs-fascism-venn-diagram/

(Ninja edit to remove an unnecessary explanation about my original version of this comment having been removed for the use of a link shortener)
[removed]
It is a race to the bottom for them.
i remember when the rnc did it to ron paul.

&#x200B;

coulda had nice old man ron paul, now ya got trump.
Get this Patriot a COAT!! (insert former bot giving new coat to Pede). Yeah the lies fall apart if you are given the chance to listen to others and not be censored. We are all on a precipice.
Bernie should of been the runner up to go head to head against trump. Seth Rich lost his life for exposing their rigging. Democrats should be worried about their party deciding what's best for them. That's the entire motto of leftist progressives that is worth exposing. They are literally thought police who think you can't choose anything for yourselves.
I'll never forget the Project Veritas Exposing Democracy Partners Bob Cramer and Scott Foval, that was a turning point for me as they were literally Bird-dogging aka paying mentally ill people to cause disruptions at Trump Rallies to score MSM footage of "muh racist candidate supporters". When Clintons outline of campaign was leaked online bird-dogging was listed in there so everything Project Veritas had recorded was verified. The DNC was paying 3rd party companies to do illegal activities for plausible deniability, very despicable shit.

In addtion to the wiki leaks DNC/Hillary/Podesta emails and Hillary being let off the hook from the corrupt Comey/FBI about her e-mail server. Bitch still deserves jail time for it.
First glimpse of the man behind the curtain.     I get it.   I distain it.  It’s happening and there is nothing anyone but the gov can do about it because it’s “free”.
I voted for Obama the first time, gave up on politics. Then Trump came along. I am middle aged; I ain't got time for this shit, but now I do make time.  I am not even white, I just love America. It has given me everything.
DJT's an exemplar of judging a man on his actions, rather than words.  The Tweets are cute, I suppose, but watch what he does.
Comments like these... Along with having real life conversations with liberal coworkers who come back to me later saying things like "okay I see where you're coming from" or "I think I'm actually changing my opinion on (social media censorship/election rigging/immigration/Islam/etc)"

It just makes me proud... I love my country and I'm so damn proud to see people finally seeing through the facade and owning the truth!

Good on you for having the courage to openly admit that you were willing to change your mind!
Not anymore. They took away our bots with the quarantine :(
It’s all deserved.    I chalk it up to a learning experience.
Not no mo', Admins killed our beloved bots with the quarantine.
Maybe he got a free book and a signed t-shirt!?
And the time and effort for volunteering of course
F for finger
Please no!  Don't take away my Internet points.  Anything but that!  

&#x200B;

That's about all they got.
Did I just start a copypasta? 😮


(This comment is not a violent comment suggesting or promoting self-harm or other forms of violence, and in fact, looks upon such ideas as shameful)
Like the r word?  😘
One might even say, it will Make TD Great  Again!
Holy shit!  That is fucking rich!
Yep exactly. Subredditdrama is leftist as fuck, Drama isn't bad, but they play the 'radical centrist' thing while constantly banning people on the right. SRD is cancerous bullshit, Drama is just annoying and petty but seems more for the lulz, while SRD is seriousposting nonsense whining.
Platform vs Publisher technically
Your comment was automatically removed because you appear to have used a link shortener.

Please re-post your comment using direct, full-length links only.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/The_Donald) if you have any questions or concerns.*
God how I wish Ron had been treated fairly.
I was a huge Paul fan, but looking back now there's no way he would have been able to withstand what Trump has had to go through. I honestly don't know anybody else who could've, lol
I still remember when this site was fairly Pro Ron Paul. 

The good old days..
Trump is a direct result of what they did to RP, I believe. Just look at Romney's numbers: he had a lower turnout than fucking John McCain! That is only explainable by deep discontent in the base, probably after the most committed Republican activists saw Paul get the shaft. I mean, they literally shut down a NH caucus and arrested Paul's speaker for continuing roll call in the parking lot.
Oh duuuude, I really had hope for Ron Paul until the RNC killed his campaign. I didn't realize it was going to take a bulldozer like Trump to drag them to victory. He also has been the most Ron Paul-like president we could have ever asked for.
"You wanted shady, you got it"
Wait...the bot is dead because of the quarantine!?!
those sons of bitches!
#HAVE A COAT

***HOLY SHITBALLS THATS 7BILLION COATS HANDED OUT. THATS ENOUGH COATS TO COVER 16% OF NEPTUNE'S SURFACE AREA.***
**FOR THE LOVE OF GOD GET THIS PATRIOT A COAT!**

Lets make sure everyone gets a coat in the United States! For every Centipede a coat for every coat a Centipede!
“Look how they massacred my boy.”
The tighter their authoritarian grip gets, the more citizens slip through their squeeze. This wave of silencing and deplatforming, climaxing with the Project Veritas Google video, is getting a great deal more traction than I initially expected. It really feels like the makings of a great awakening within society.

&#x200B;

O'Keefe's latest exposé made it so easy to display Google's ideology in action now, too. Anyone that cares to investigate can simply type into the search bar "men can  " and the first three autocomplete algorithm options are:

* Men can get pregnant
* Men can have babies
* Men can have periods
Youtube is removing PV videos now.

We have to askourselves why these tech cartels are supporting one side and using such unethical means to do so.
Lock that POS up
Not for long...just have to opt-in our beloved bot accounts.

In the meantime, we're handing them out ourselves - have a coat and bricks!
Wtf.   Reddit is broken.    I hit submit for this comment and had plu 3 immediately. What are these algorithms doing?   

Edit :   Plus two for this one!
Cheaper learning experience than electing another commie.
Spent like 275 in donations to Bernie. Broke my heart when he bowed to Clinton. Luckily my gf convinced me to take a look at Trump. 275 dollars is a small price to pay for the gift of sight.
You may have.

(This comment is not a violent comment suggesting or promoting self-harm or other forms of violence, and in fact, looks upon such ideas as shameful)
Rice?
Thanks
The RNC screwing Ron is why i voted for the Don.
I dont. It was a shame, but without that and without Obama (I supported him the first time) we would never have gotten Trump.
Ron Paul and the likes of Alex Jones are idiots (I know a lot of you like both). Trump is a loudmouth but he isn't a conspiracy theorist crackpot. He knew the actual enemy was the swamp and people crying over stupid shit. Paul and Jones were spinning make believe for the right like Chomsky does for the left. I don't want my president to cry about a super scary highway between Mexico and Canada. I certainly have no time for them claiming Jewish ninjas climbed through the World Trade Center's HVAC ductwork to plant bombs. Trump was the actual anti-establishment candidate. He had money but never successfully played the game. Thank God Paul was never more than a meme and wet dream for the crazies. Trump is an actual leader.
NO ONE could have withstood the incoming Trump (and us) have gotten.
He is a warrior.
Absolutely, Trump is the chosen one for real
Seeing the smarmy vitriol, it's easy to forget it wasn't always that toxic
Ah yes back around 2011/2012.  That was a great time.  Back when even if there were a lot of lefties on subreddits, the website wasn’t bought by the lobby groups like share blue.
Man, some guy said libertarians are socialists the other day. We have a few idiots on our side.
Ahhh yes, the good old days before conservative thought was a **hate crime.**

My liberal university held a massive Ron Paul event in the old football stadium. The bleachers hold thousands and they were packed.
I feel so naive now. In the beginning I didn't realize it was a bot and just thought this was just the most enthusiastic place on earth. It still is.
It's back! Let's get some coats here!
The monsters.
Reddit Admins decreed the bot is a Nazi bigot

The bot is LITERALLY Hitler!!!!!
They killed the bot?!
This would be a magnificent bot...

RIP coat bot. 

F
Don't ever forget Brick bot 😓
$110.00 for a redpill is very cheap. It could have been worse, day to day, living life under the NWO ideals they are pushing for. POTUS Trump is fighting that and giving all Americans, and the world, a better chance at prosperity and success than any socialist agenda. We shall FIGHT, for equality for ALL!
There's a vote-fuzzing thing it does; it supposedly is done to confuse bots.  
I think it's just buggy.
Not sure if there are any mechanisms where  it's possible "supporters" of T\_D just chanced upon your post the very moment you send and upvoted everything.

I only had experience (quite often) where I posted - and will soon be zero before reverting to 1 and then positive. To which I think 1 single obsessed leftist (with no life) semi-frequently stalking new posts of mine might be possible. Unsure if it's one of those people who Private message me only to get retorted (and them identity politics people have no comebacks against me)
Copypasta galore!

(This comment is not a violent comment suggesting or promoting self-harm or other forms of violence, and in fact, looks upon such ideas as shameful)
REEEEEEEEEE
Same here.
Yup. No more Bushes, McCains, etc. Pence in 2024 *maybe*
Honestly I loved Ron, but am really glad it was Don instead of Ron. Don is more of a realist, and t_d has spread a better understanding of globalism vs. nationalism than Ron Paul could ever have dreamed of.
Mess with Ron, you get the Don

<Insert 'Andrew Dice Clay - Oh!.mp3'>
Same
Are you sure you read my comment properly?  Read it again.  All candidates should be treated fairly.  If Democrat candidates were treated fairly and not ridiculously propped up by marxist media, they would never get elected.

Like I said in another reply, Trump is inarguably the man we *need* to turn around the situation at-hand, but an ideal world would have a lot more Rons and a lot less Democrats/RINOs.
Not necessarily true
Trump is an actual leader, you're right.

But if we had a Congress full of Ron Pauls, we wouldn't need a President like Trump.  Yeah it's a bit idealistic, but don't badmouth him with bullshit.

&#x200B;

spez

And it doesn't change the fact that he was treated INCREDIBLY shitty by RNC and media.  Which is all my comment was about.
My best friend’s main criticism of Trump during the election was that “His skin is so fucking thin.” I’m sitting here thinking... “wtf. You’re usually don’t act half-retarded, what happened?” There’s a million things you can call Trump  but thin-skinned is sooooo not one of them.

How many people can’t withstand public outrage for even a DAY before they buckle and issue a public apology before trying to hide in the shadows? 


How many people could handle 60 million people absolutely ***hating*** your guts? 

How many outright false “news” stories about you would it take to make the average person say, “You know what? Fuck it. Fuck this job. If you people don’t want my help, then fuck  them  too”?
Yeah.  Something definitely changed around 2016.
It's like the world went into a downward spiral after 2012. Hey, people say it ended in 2012 and we're just in a simulation now lol
ahahaha. i love this so much. bless you fellow human.
**FOR THE LOVE OF GOD GET THIS PATRIOT A COAT!**

Lets make sure everyone gets a coat in the United States! For every Centipede a coat for every coat a Centipede!
GET THIS MAN A COAT! THAT IS 9000000000000 MILLION COATS GIVEN OUT.

IM A BOT.
This warmed my heart, friend.
**FOR THE LOVE OF GOD GET THIS PATRIOT A COAT!**

Lets make sure everyone gets a coat in the United States! For every Centipede a coat for every coat a Centipede!
Can you see my comment? Idk if it’s working or not
**FOR THE LOVE OF GOD GET THIS PATRIOT A BRICK! THAT'S 12 BILLION BRICKS HANDED OUT!**

We are at 99.99% of our goal to **BUILD THE WALL** starting from Imperial Beach, CA to Brownsville, Texas! Let's make sure everyone gets a brick in the United States! For every Centipede a brick, for every brick a Centipede!

At this rate, the wall will be **12,000 MILES WIDE and ONE MILE HIGH** by tomorrow! DO YOUR PART!
Those darn algorithms, always being buggy of their own will when it comes to suppressing certain opinions
COOOO LAAAAAAAAAAAA
Exactly This.   


Now that we have The Don... I am voting to fuck anything establishment.
Hard pass on Pence. He helped get Trump elected but that was all he was good for. Sure he is fine person but not the candidate we need.
Pence has no fire.
No more political dynasties!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MKH6PAoUuD0
Bless you too.
This is MAGA country
A Russian bot, remember...
It's working.  We're all in shadowban mode from the rest of Reddit.
They will never get a regular politician again.
In a nicer time, Pence would be great.  We're not in a nice time.
I will admit... He *did* look pretty cool that time when he went to the DMZ shortly after Trump took office. 

He even looked — dare I say it... — ... presidential (in the traditional sense, I mean. Not like Trump who obviously has his own style)
Crenshaw 2024?
>Trump addresses reporters as he departs the White House for transit to the G20 summit in Osaka, Japan.

Edit: Thanks for the sticky. Third in two days, not bad at all. I wonder when my streak will end.
Trump: Give me funding for the crisis at the southern border.


Dems: Ha ha there ain't no crisis you silly


Trump: Give me funding for the crisis at the southern border....please.


Dems: Ha ha ha oh Donald you're so funny. There is no crisis silly billy.


Trump: Ok whatever.


Dems: OH MY FUCKING GOD, CONCENTRATION CAMPS, NAZIS EVERYWHERE. THE CRISIS IS OUT OF CONTROL BECAUSE OF TRUMP. AHHHHH
I think people are beginning to realize he is right about a lot of things. 🇺🇲
This isn't going to get fixed until we take the house back in 2020.
First, they say Donald Trump exaggerated the crisis at the border and now every time someone dies at the border its his fault...Got to love how the media talks out of both ends of their mouth..
I caught a part of the debate and all they were doing was virtue signaling and talking about how terrible the border crisis is (in low rent Spanish).

Holy cow.
No... they don't. They're literally saying that US government illegal alien detainment facilities are concentration camps. They're so far gone at this point.
One of my biggest reasons I supported him from the get-go!
Any honest person with two eyes and 3 brain cells has known for 30 years that there is crisis at the border.
Why won't the Democrats let them go back home to where they came from?
POTUS hasn't been wrong yet, no matter how the leftist media tries to spin his wisdom and success into lies and propaganda.
###US IN CALIFORNIA HAVE BEEN SAYING IT FOR YEARS!
Hopefully there are enough sane ppl in the US to reject the America-last Democrat line-up. We need Trump for a second term.
These "reporters" yelling at Trump during the middle trying to say he's responsible for the border as Trump explains how the democrats don't want to change the laws so they are the ones causing the problems. 

Just insane how the left has dozens of reporters on their side who can get within 5 feet of him and ask him questions that try to help the left.
When was President Trump wrong on anything? And something other than Jeff Sessions.
LOL Our stickies are now Pepe Green! 

🐸 PEPE 🐸!!
==========
One of my favorite promises he made was this one and buying health care insurance across state lines. Looks like we'll have to wait til 2020 for the latter. Thanks Cuck McCain!
Trump did a phone interview today https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XL_AMOnnV5o

First question RUSSIA. Who are these people telling the host lets start with Russia. It's a dead horse. The more you talk about it the more it's on peoples minds.
There's no crisis.  The crisis is manufactured.  But Trump is responsible for this crisis.  But the wall is stupid because there's no crisis.  The crisis Trump caused that is.
Quarantine the deplorables /s
I will throw up if someone mentioned Communicates be.     Let see talk, it will not happen again.
## WE HAVE LIKE LITERAL CONCENTRATION CAMPS AT LIKE OUR FIGURATIVE BORDER LIKE OMG
Tbh the border won't matter if the censorship of the right doesn't stop. 

We can't discuss anything now without being censored. 

Politics starts with discussions and at the minute the far left holds all the power in that regards.
Any one that has more than two brain cells knew this. Why YT/Google was so hell bent on purging video showing how refugees act in EU and possibly in US( no idea). Why it purged downvotes and comments from #MoreThanRefugee ?  


Also, they have no damn idea what concentration camp looks like and how it was on the inside. They just try to capitalize on deaths - basically huge grave dance for feelings. Despicable.
[removed]
Great. Now do THE BIGGEST ONLINE CONGREGATION OF TRUMP SUPPORTERS BEING (EFFECTIVELY) BANNED once you land in Osaka plse.
You could use this as a template for literally every stance Trump has taken since he as been on office.
Facts it’s hilarious how quickly they’ve switched up their narrative. I remember their “this is a manufactured crisis” line that every used clear as day
>Trump was actually right

our National Chorus in the 2020's.
We had 2017 and 2018 to do whatever the fuck we wanted, but nothing got done. Why would 2020 be any different?
A wall and tighter border security will help with people not dying trying to get into the US. Will they help the cause? Nope. They're deranged.
He will destroy any democrat candidate on immigration, taxes and the economy, the most important issue for many voters.
It's mindboggling. Seriously.
Illegal immigration specifically?

Or because he tells the truth about issues even if that's not politically correct
Unfortunately, there are too many people with no brain cells.
All those unaccompanied minors have families somewhere and we need to send them home.
Eh, Barr did say that Mueller was a good guy and a "straight shooter" recently. Not sold on Barr yet
Go away.
I love talking about stupid stuff Obama did after a long day. Hit me with another one.
Who in the what now?
Bruh, you should scrub your Reddit activity before trying to virtue signal.
Blame their parents(not their parents, traffickers) that brought them...

Not our problem.
If you dont think Parscale is keeping Trump up with whats happening here youre out of the loop.
Not to mention arkham asylum seems to misplace a few patients every time Trump goes out of the country. 🤡🌎
"Trump was right again" is a phrase that's becoming increasingly common as of late.
Initially, illegal immigration itself. Although, him being truthful is definitely a nice bonus. 

Both sets of my grandparents immigrated to the US from Ireland. Irish brogues and all. I know how hard they worked to get here, while doing it legally. Seeing people jump a border and receive handouts from my tax dollars for it burns me to no end.
Put yourself in Barr's position. And then understand the role Mueller took. I've worked in law for 13 years and for someone who represented Bush in Bush v. Gore and who represented BP in the BP oil spill commission. Attorneys do not publicly bad mouth other attorneys almost ever.
Am I? Ive been monitoring all the accounts. We got a Don Jr rt. Thats all. NOW, I get that they cant all jump on it straight away, but I expect something from the team *soon-ish*. This is not a joke when it comes to the election. Ive been around since mid 2015 (hell, me and Gumble coded the original CSS layout of the sub when we were modding this place with the creator of the sub when we were under 3k subscribers and had a vision of what this place could turn into)...this is a big deal. University of London-UCL determined that T_D was the most effective area of origin of Trump persuasion in 2016 election. This was all done for a reason. 

What admins pulled today is not a joke.
i twattered at prez maga and brad parscale.  i mostly just use my twatter to read and comment, not post.  so if someone like me will twatter to them, i'm sure there are plenty more folks, too.  carpe donktum is on it...i'm sure he has a bit of an edge in bending an ear.  he wrote an awesome thread on today's situation.  

just a throwaway:  it occurs to me that much of this is happening bc the left is like sheldon cooper:  doesn't grasp humour or sarcasm coming from others.
Yeah, I guess I can understand that. Basically "as far as I know without proof, he's a good guy. But I will send him packing if I do catch him in a lie". I get it.
You are correct. This was a shot across the bow. Spez is under tremendous pressure from his NYC & CA overlords to get us the fuck out of here.
They're letting it unfold, look at how it's backfired. They don't need to step in until Reddit tries to ban us. Even if they ban us we will be reborn on July 4th when gab ai releases it's open source platform.
Absolutely. What is most remarkable about the majority of people who post of the_donald is that we are not hive mentality, and that we question with thoughtful reservation and hesitation on political RAH RAH. Words do not sway us; actions sway us. We should all be skeptics of words until action is taken and implemented as initially contrived.
> They don't need to step in until Reddit tries to ban is

Pal, I love you. I see I have you +24 upvoted on RES, and I recognize your name as well. But you are under estimating what happend today.
Sorry, bud. I humbly disagree. Reddit is not going to TRY to ban us. 

Reddit is going to ban us. 

It will happen suddenly with no previous warning, in one fell swoop. Then what happens?
Agreed 100%. We definitely are not hive minded people here, however, sometimes if you go against what is popular here, you'll get called a "shill" or an "idiot". Had a few experiences like that. Downvoted like crazy for having a different thought. No big deal. That's like .0003% of my experience here.
We have to all agree on which platform to migrate to. We can only choose one or we will be divided. We have to have that talk now so the older folks and non tech savvy people know what Plan B is. We have days maybe weeks to formulate this. I vote for the new Gab 

https://twitter.com/getongab/status/1139006392268754944?s=20
Consider a take care of your own ideology. Understand people downvote anything that is negative in the 15 words before the "but" appears. There is a thousand moving parts going on concurrently with the current political warfare climate and sometimes the group cheerleader think tank reacts irrationally.
I may get some down votes once in awhile but it doesn't bother me. I've even been accused of being something I'm clearly not but again, don't care. I'm not the type to demand 100% conformity like some others do.
Chelsea, I have seen these things happen too many times to know thats not how it works. Plse focus your (obvious) passion on making sure that pple outside of this sub are aware, and care, what happened today. And the "normies" start applying pressure.


Just trust me on this.
I get it. 100%. Downvotes don't bother me. There are a lot of us on here. We can't all agree with everything that is posted/commented. That's why I love it.
Roger that.
*A Patriot...!!!*
Why the hell is beto doing his Spanish bit? He’s running for president of the US of A, not Mexico
“I speak Spanish!”  
 
“I get shot at in my neighborhood!”  
  
“I have a black son!”    
  
These people are pathetic with this pandering.  
   
Lol.
When are they going to ask Warren a question in Navajo?
\> Trans "female"  
\> Right to an abortion

&#x200B;

WTF?
I’m a sick American 


Quarantined on T_d
Sen. Warren: Our economy is doing well for those who invest in private prisons, but not for the African-American families who are torn apart as a result.

Is Sen. Warren assuming that only African-Americans are locked up in these private prisons?
Omg Beto please do that all night. PLEASE. Your poll numbers just fell to 2%
Why is Cory shouting, calm down bro, just because you can see in 360 degrees doesn’t mean you can shout at us
HAHHAHAHAHAA

Elizabeth Warren:

"I have a plan"

*everyone claps for no reason*

Warren proceed to say absolutely no plan
Elizabeth Warren: *"It was never easy for me, I was born a poor black child."*
Hahaha they’re actually debating about eliminating private insurance. My sides
SOUND GUY VOTED FOR TRUMP
Deblasio: My Dad had his leg half blown off, I respect him so much that I abandoned his surname and took that of my mother.
So far:

Free college

Free healthcare

Free abortions

Free borders

NO THANKS
[FACT: Cory Booker has accepted over $400,000 from the pharmaceutical industry during his political career.](https://twitter.com/trumpwarroom/status/1144060630560903168?s=21)
Posting in based censored thread
I missed the beginning. Did all the democratic candidates get out of a little car ?
For a bunch of quarantined deplorable fucks, we're having some gut damn great fun aren't we?
TRANS ABORTIONS!

DRINK TWICE!!!
Elizabeth Warren wants to protect the right of trans women to get an abortion? Uhhhhh what?
and now a break for CAPITALISM
$5 says Cory Booker doesn’t live in a low income neighborhood.
Poor John Delaney. He eloquently explained why they were wrong on healthcare and so they're bullying him. I don't expect them to let him on the stage ever again.
###**TO THE TOP!!...**

There aren't any damn stickies anymore, so it's back to putting in some honest work.

Are you doing your part? ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)

EDIT: Oh crap, stickies still work! Ok never mind! haha.
Wow, John Delaney spoke out against Medicare4All. He's going to be crushed like a bug.
Beto is going to answer every question in English and Spanish? LMFAO you can't make this shit up.
70% tax rate on the wealthy.... WTF, they just move to another country.....
No wonder we're being quarantined.  I'd be scared shitless too if this was my party's field of candidates.
"I do"

Everyone claps. Holy fuck the bar for Democrat voters is so fucking low
I for one applaud this new  **Quarantined** format.

&#x200B;

Simpler layout ... just me and my irredeemable, deplorable thoughts in black and white.

&#x200B;

Clicking on the "You are entering a den of accused c\*p-killers and people with authority issues" makes it like a secret club of me and my 1M closest friends too. Like a motorcycle clubhouse in here now.

&#x200B;

/s
GUYS. I AM RAISING A BLACK KID. VOTE FOR ME.

--Bill DeBlasio
Rich white dude can speak espanol! I gotta vote for him now! /s
Dems: we can't waste tax payer money on a wall

Also Dems: we should spend infinite amounts of tax payer money investing in Central America with zero return
I’m gay. Never had a “real” problem. Probably have thicker skin than a lot of you, though. 

Stop pandering. These problems don’t exist.
“You’re the only Latino candidate”

Beto: 😟
No one is above the law...

Unless you are an illegal immigrant in a sanctuary city.
So the sub is till going to function the same but without the fancy colors and stuff, right?       
I don't see how this quarantied stuff is going to stop me from posting.
WTF IS "REPRODUCTIVE JUSTICE?!"  What does he mean a TRANSWOMAN has the right to choose?  A transwoman DOESN'T HAVE A UTERUS!
Cory Booker is literally a key and peele skit
Debates are boring without Trump. Go figure!
**Welcome new T\_D visitors to our watch party!**

**Even if you don't like President Trump but you cherish American values like liberty and freedom, and you enjoy informative and friendly discourse peppered with humor and the occasional banter, you're welcome here! So get cozy in your chair, have a sip of your favorite beverage and have a good time.**
Who has the right to say that anyone’s money is “in the wrong hands”? What a mess.
This debate is so low energy, I ’m secretly wishing Jeb shows up to jump start this thing.
I felt like I was stuck in a time loop of question and non answer. 

> "What do you plan to do about gun violence in schools" 

> "In 2021, we'll have a Democratic WH, Senate, and house"

WHAT

DO

YOU

PLAN

TO DO

*Tumor +100*
...ban ‘the donald’ and have the most traffic while the debates are on so we can tear it apart. Great plan. Lol.
So Tulsi agrees with GEOTUS's decision to use sanctions instead of military force.

She's a goner.
GOODNIGHT EVERYONE, LOVED THE KARMA. STARTED WITH 4. ENDED WITH ~~+200.~~

&#x200B;

**TRUMP 2020 | MAGA | GOD BLESS YOU**

&#x200B;

Edit: +300

Fuck chief warren
Everytime a candidate doesn't actually answer the question but instead steers it towards their own virtue signaling take a drink.

Annnnnd now I'm dead.
Three things from a friendly Canadian observer. 

&#x200B;

First: Every candidate that spoke out against Donald Trump has already lost to Donald Trump. He's in their heads, and they're letting him live there, RENT FREE!!! 

&#x200B;

Second: From what I understand, a few candidates want to abolish private health insurance. This is a policy that goes farther left than that of my own country, Canada. We have socialized health coverage, and we also still have private health insurance. It's kind of odd seeing American candidates openly support something that almost all Canadians would oppose as too socialist. 

&#x200B;

Third: lol, get fukt guys, you finally understand our pain as a bilingual country AND YOU'RE NOT EVEN A BILINGUAL COUNTRY! We have to speak both English and French during debates because of fucking Quebec, and its so painful, but at least Quebec's demands are acceptable because of how our nation was formed. 

&#x200B;

All in all I have no doubt Donald Trump will win again, and if Canadian polls are correct, Canada will also have a conservative government. North America is gonna be fucking awesome, and I for one am stoked.
Speaking spanish @ a debate in an English dominant country = 🤡🌎
Remember not to drive tonight if you are playing any of the drinking games tonight.  You will get shitfaced.
No one on that stage will ever be president.
Jesus Christ. When Trump gets the chance to debate whatever loser nominee is chosen it’s going to be a massacre
Weird how the Native American is the most pale person on the stage
Best description of Robert Francis O'Rourke I saw on Twitter:

"Beto O'Rourke is like if gentrification was a person."
Trans women abortions?

What the fuck are they even talking about
Beto is pandering for votes hard.
# I just want to say

# I am in favor for limitless abortions

# for Trans Females

**ABSOLUTELY NO LIMITS ON THEIR ABORTIONS**
How the fuck would an MTF transgender person have abortion?
Golly, I wonder why the mcdonalds ceo makes more then a teenage worker
This is a virtue signal battle for the ages man holy shit
Even RBG is rolling in her grave at this nonsense!
If you need a license to drive a car you should need a license to 

#FUCKING VOTE
Did he just admit NYC is violent and his son isn’t safe in the city he runs???🤡🤡🤡🤡
“Protect my black son from the police officers I oversee”
Fuck white people am I right castro?
"The biggest threat in the world is Donald Trump." Wild applause breaks out.
Dude you get one minute and you wasted a solid 20 seconds speaking a different language. Fucking moron
Ok I had to turn it off, I'm a Democrat but that is not my party.  I just joined to support you guys.
Warren out here campaigning for Trump.
**ENGLISH MOTHER FUCKERS, DO YOU SPEAK IT?!?!**
Is this a fucking debate for Mexico’s President?
    if TechnDif == true
        run BigPharmaComercial.ext
    else
        run BlameTrump.ext
    end
I dont think anyone is above the law.....

except all those people crossing the border
Wow, 29,000 people here. Spez, you done messed up.
Is Warren seriously bringing up her background? A community college didn't give you an opening, Pocahontas. Your lies about your ancestry did.
I just can’t say enough about our fantastic Mods. And pressing ‘F’ for OhSnap, she was in my thoughts today...
Did you see Beta speak in spanish to an english only debate? Wtf? LOL
I dont get it at all... Everyone can agree big pharma and drugs are a massive problem. So why don't they all do something about it? Oh wait they are all paid off and they don't care about helping Trump and his policies toward drug trafficking and the opiod crisis.
“Beto, here’s a question..”. “Thank you, here is some unrelated blurb!”
Julian Castro just said trans people need to have the right to choose lmao
Booker with the butchered Spanish as well. What the fuck is this an international election.
#IM SORRY I THOUGHT THIS WAS AMERICA
Wait until Warren starts speaking in Navajo.
Diversity hire on the sound board?
This is a fucking disaster lmfao
MSNBC shares their hate of giant corporations so much that they run 8 minutes of ads every 10 minutes..
every time they go to commercial when they come back beto has another piece of traditional Mexican clothing. By the end he's full mariachi.
Well, Pedes. That was a great run. 8400 comments **during a quarantine**. We're winning.
Surprised a thread with over 8,000 comments has only 2,000 upvotes. Especially once you look at the top posts on /r/The_Donald two years ago during the last election which had less comments. 🤡🌎
Didn't watch the whole thing but let me guess...not one moderator ask Bill De Blasio wtf his crook wife did with $850 million and why the fuck he gave her another BILLION!?!??!
Moderator: Beto what do you think of this policy?

Beto: yo no hablo ingles! No puedo responder a este pregunta!

Moderator: but.., the policies

Beto: 
#NO HABLO INGLES

Warren + Booker: :0
This will be a shit show.  Should be fun.
LMAO

GABBARD "I think employers will recognize the value of medicare for all and support it"


No company is going to support a plan that fucks them sideways by increasing their taxes. Literally illogical.
#POTUS is going to clean the clocks of the Democratic Party clown show during the debates. My goodness!

#Trump in a landslide....calling it now. 🇺🇸

Spez: No way any of that gibberish said tonight resonates with rural America. Don’t get complacent, Pedes. Make sure you vote in 2020 for MAGA! 🇺🇸
Shadowbanning comments already... how cool.
Press 2 for English
That Maryland guy was making sense there so they had to cut him off.
based on this...trump wins all 49 states. Not counting California, cus....uh. It's California.
Can't even manage a debate -- how will they manage our country?
I guess diversity quotas in the control room wasn't a great idea after all.
#PANDERPALOOZA
Moderator: Do you have a plan?                   
Goofy Liz: Yes!                 
Goofy Liz: *Does not describe plan*
Trump is going to fuck up whoever emerges from this pool of shit.

Can't wait!
Wew Tulsi just mopped the floor with Ryan there
This guy just dropped a massive red pill lmao...can’t have that happening. *Wink*
This is insufferable, but so enjoyable at the same time.
Oh boy playing a drinking game to this debate was a bad choice.
1st candidate with a bilingual trans one legged black latino mixed baby that makes 61 cents on the dollar and was aborted on the border with swollen hands is appointed king of the empire.
The nation we lost? Sorry I couldn't hear you over Corey Booker and Beto ORourke speaking fucking Spanish!
All of tomorrow's debators are frantically studying spanish right now.
Elizabeth Warren "My family didn't have the money for a college application"

Wikipedia: She also won a debate scholarship to George Washington University (GWU) at the age of 16.[8] She initially aspired to be a teacher, but left GWU after two years in 1968 to marry Jim Warren, whom she met in high school.[15][8][17]
What i watch was a campaign for illegal immigrants and taking your guns away and giving better health care to illegals.
man they really were scrambling over each other to out Virtue Signal each other. That was a cringe fest. DeBlasio dropping that he has a black son when it was totally irrelevant was just sad. Don't use your own children, or any children for that matter to score virtue points.
The NBC YouTube livestream has 13k likes to 22k dislikes. Those are rookie numbers, got to get them up for tomorrow night for Dem Primary Debate Part 2.
Tim Ryan is an idiot but I thought it was interesting how he said the Democrats need to distance themselves from the coastal, ivy league, elite image they currently cultivate and no one clapped.  De Blasio mentioned something similar with no concurrence.  Their party really is split.
Tulsi really fucked up that guy trying to pander 9/11 for attention. Couldn't even name the right terrorist group lmao.
THERE IS NO MORE FREEDOM OF SPEECH IN THIS COUNTRY. WE ARE WATCHING THE LEFT DESTROY THE CONSTITUTION.
They scream about climate change and how it will affect future generations, but zero mention of how all these entitlements will affect them. So fucking disingenuous.
Feels like I just watched an 8th grade class president debate.
Not  ONE word on gang violence


"we need to talk about gun control"

Then go into the hood
Can I just say I love you guys
Tulsi is the most sane one out of all them. I think she’s the only one that didn’t offer free shit.
25 minutes in and Delaney says the first thing that's fucking true. Most people are fine with their insurance!
THE FUCKING 

**M O D E R A T O R**

SPOKE SPANISH
Really surprised Warren showed up at all. The rumor mill was spinning that she was going to participate in the debate remotely through smoke signal.
Look at me I speak Spanish vote for me
TWEET FROM GEOTUS: 

[BORING!](https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/1144056731653169152?s=21)
[During Joe Biden’s first two years as Vice President, 785 migrants died attempting to cross the border illegally, 204 more than during President Trump’s first two years.   Where was Democrats' outrage then? #DemDebate](https://twitter.com/trumpwarroom/status/1144057894163374080?s=21)
Since they've come back from the break, Elizabeth Warren has only had 1/1024th of the speaking time.
[deleted]
Corey hears shots in his neighborhood LMAO
Beto is a fucking trash public speaker. He's HORRIBLE. Sounds like Napoleon Dynamite
Greg Gutfeld: "the upside to this debate: the country's mental health professionals have these ten safely in one place."
Elizabeth Warren was asked, "Do you have a plan to deal with Mitch McConnell?" She answered, "I do." And the crowd erupted in applause. It literally didn't matter what she said after that. And that about sums up what a joke this is.
Poor Delaney is almost sane, and has therefore been demoted to audience member
"30% of LGBT kids don't go to school out of fear"? Come on dude. What study is this?
Lmao at the audience member yawning
Oh my god. I forgot. There’s a whole other serving of stupid tomorrow!
Hahaha Trump posted the time magazine Trump 4eva meme again.
5K new subscribers in the last 7.5 hours.
Beto is 110% pure CRINGE
I don’t speak Spanish; I’m American. 
This IS for the American election, right?
Trump is so getting re-elected after that
Elizabeth Warren: ripped off Cherokee Nation to get ahead

Beto O'Rouke: ripped off Latinos to get ahead

And these people tell us we're immoral
I am but a lowly upvote farmer, tending to my comments
Now that the circus is over, Trump needs to tweet about this quarantine.
They’re really saying DeBlasio was one of the better candidates lol
Missed opportunity if Joe Biden doesn't come out with a "me gusto mucho Taco bowls" *thumbs up* tomorrow.
9 of em are just there for their next book deal
I'm disappointed that Warren didn't come out with a traditional Cherokee headdress
Why should the American tax payer buy all these illegal babies diapers? Why tf is that our responsibility?
[🐸 @TimMurtaugh 🐸](https://twitter.com/TimMurtaugh/status/1144059750491074560):  
>𝗧𝗛𝗥𝗘𝗔𝗗: The image of a father and child who drowned crossing our southern border is heartbreaking, and no person with any compassion can see it and not be incredibly moved.  

>This proves what we have known. There can be no debate that there is a humanitarian crisis at the border. People are taking incredible and inadvisable risks to cross into our country, often bringing children along on the perilous journey.  

>But let’s also remember several things. It was Democrats who, for months, denied there was a crisis at all. These same candidates for the Dem nomination were wall-to-wall on cable TV saying the obviously terrible situation wasn’t real.  

>When they were forced to admit how bad it actually was at the southern border, they shifted to calling it a “manufactured crisis.”  This was another attempt to shift blame and shirk responsibility in Congress to do something about it.  

>Though the truth is undeniable, they still steadfastly refuse to work with President Trump on a solution. These are the same people who famously wouldn’t give “one dime” to fund a border wall or work with POTUS in any capacity. Instead they oppose and criticize at every step.  

>They dangle amnesty & open borders proposals, even advertising that government-run health care plans will provide taxpayer-funded health care for illegal immigrants. They actively encourage people to make the dangerous journey here and act shocked when the risks are deadly.
OMG one is saying that it's not the guns it's the lack of emotional support and mental care, especially those being bullied
LYNCHING

HOLY FUCK
lol what?!?!? no obstruction no collusion?!?!? but he committed crimes? The man didn't kill the horse but he's guilty of not wanting to be hanged for it? these people are warped
Bill De Blasio is the Jeb Bush of the race. He sucks all the energy out of the room.
🤡*"African American Trans Americans"*🤡
AJ was right on the money - AGAIN.

Infowars was prepped.

the\_donald is relying on a CHICOM DNC communist master.
I fell asleep....   Did I win?
I hope Biden walks out tomorrow and gives the shoulder rub motion on the walk to the podium.
#No habla espanol!!

[Laughs in American]
Trump will win.
0/1024ths future President
Felt like I was watching any one of those late night TV "comedy" shows. SOOOO much virtue signaling it hurt.
Kinda bullshit the DNC rigs their debates like Power 5 rigs football schedules - allowing their toughest teams to play against cupcake mid-majors during the first game of the year
Lol Beta speaking in Spanish.  WTF!
I cringe so hard every time these donkeys try to speak Spanish. It's my first language, and I can tell you, they sound like they're reading something and not understanding what it is they're repeating.

Fake and cringy as all hell.
Booker sounds like Kermit the Frog's retarded cousin.
i really hope someone is compiling a highlight reel....this shit is going to go viral....these people are insane...
Who the hell would vote for any of these clowns
Thanks for the watch party, pedes.

Remember, black trans females have the right to abortions because they deserve reproductive justice! -Castro
Did he really just go full blown Spanish for a UNITED STATES OF AMERICA debate?
 Beto just went full Mexican. He had Pocahontas and Spartacus shook.
Lmao 70% tax rate that’s how everyone with money leaves and your left with shit
Wtf is with the spanish
Yes Booker, NJ is a shithole
[In case you're keeping score at home, the $93 trillion price tag of the Green New Deal is more than the combined Gross Domestic Product of every nation on Earth.   #DemDebate ](https://twitter.com/timmurtaugh/status/1144072143992475649?s=21)
"i had a dream"

HOLY FUCKING SHIT

FIRST THIS BISH RIPS OFF NATIVE AMERICANS

THEN SHE RIPS OFF DR KING

MY GOD - DOES SHE HAVE NO BOUNDS
DNC is pushing Pocahontas hard. Top 3 will be her Biden and Bernie. My guess is Biden will pick her for his VP.

INJUN JOE TICKET!
Is everyone ignoring the fact that Trump ran on no war no regime change policy. We have that now. That banner is flying from the whitehouse, Chris.
LMFAO TRANS GIVING BIRTH
###RUSSIA HAXXORED THE MICROPHONES!!!1!
I'm going to church Sunday for the first time in 20 years after witnessing that...you cant tell me God doesn't exist after that hot mic...
This was just dreadful. Totally cringeworthy when they started speaking in Spanish. For God's sake, this is America.
Loving the dislike/like ratio on the nbc livestream on youtube for this. 13k likes to 22k dislikes
I was really interested to see that most (all?- didn't get to watch the whole thing) answered in Spanish over and over again.  Definitely not interested in American votes.
"Let's not forget the trans community and their right to choose" for women's reproductive rights...

The fuck did I just listen to?
"Use all our resources" on illegals

oh fuck he is going to cry
Can we get a counter for every time they say "literally"?
Amateur hour
Technical issue, someone must be pro-guns in the sound room.
Hahaha. Technical difficulties at NBC. It's like the scene in Naked Gun when Leslie Nielsen goes to the bathroom with a mic on (he's at the party for the queen) and all of the guests can hear him taking a leak!
NPC MALFUNCTIONING
LMAO I HAVE A BLACK KID
Wtfudge why isn't Delaney the front runner? He seems... Normal.
We talking about lynching? Wtf is going on?
Booker:  Did I mention that I'm black?
RIP BETO the only latino
I've been in Congress 17 years and I've done nothing
Wait, wait wait, two of our soldiers died and nobody says shit. But they know the names of the two immigrants that died in MEXICO!
Donald Trump lives in the head of more people than any other person in history. This is honestly sad. He's probably watching this laughing his fucking ass off.
Bill De Blasio owns a black son. Edit has.
Tim Ryan is a secret republican. anti-identity politics stance confirmed!
Please stop speaking Spanish! I really don’t think it’ll work with any voters, republican or Democrat
See you next time folks, the faces will change but the answers will be the exact same.
I'd be more interested if these people could speak Russian or Chinese, since those are the two superpowers we're dealing with on a regular basis. Spanish is nothing.
[💝😘@KatrinaPierson😘💝](https://twitter.com/KatrinaPierson/status/1144077562915840001):  
>Wait, @NBCNews gave @ewarren a pass on fraudulently claiming to be a minority and riding the benefits in her life but asked @TulsiGabbard about LGBQ position? Clearly unacceptable! Another rigged D primary? #DemDebate #DemocraticDebate
The debate was nothing more than a set of non-contenders testing the waters for Biden.
I like the end when they tell me what to think about what I just watched
Debate responses are pretty much the equivalent of when a teacher assigns a 1000 word essay and you’re only to 750 words and nothing to say. Just repeat your points and dance around the question.
I forget guys did Tulsi Gabbard serve in the military?

Maybe someone will ask her another question completely unrelated to the subject so she will have a chance to answer.
I was worried this maga thread wasn't going to be created
guys, go here and upvote the president's ad video.  

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z7VSIOI30Ig

Youtube is also deleting the upvotes.
These people are going to be eaten alive by Trump.
Gotta love all these New England politicians dictating how Texas and Arizona should live.
This is America. Fucking speak English.
Is this a fuckin Spanish oral exam?  Ooh ooh do De Blaiso next!
They should cancel the second debate and have a fuckin bullfight instead.

With piñatas for the niños.
This isn't fair. No one is asking Tulsi a question in Hindi, or Warren a question in Cree. Blatant discrimination!
What kind of country are we that we can't enslave doctors and nurses to take care of illegal aliens?
I have to say fellas

This is some of the funniest shit I’ve ever watched
Brink of war?  Not even close fucktard!
Thank you Gabbi for scaring the shit out of Iran.  Just a spark and we nuke the fuck out of you.
Can anyone imagine one of these idiots debating trump? He’s gonna rip them to pieces and throw them to the wolves
GOD IS ON OUR SIDE GUYS
[removed]
"OUR. TOWNS. ARE. BURNING."
Puerto Rico Hispandering
[🐸 @TimMurtaugh 🐸](https://twitter.com/TimMurtaugh/status/1144072143992475649):  
>In case you're keeping score at home, the $93 trillion price tag of the Green New Deal is more than the combined [Gross Domestic Product](https://www.imf.org/external/datamapper/NGDPD@WEO/OEMDC/ADVEC/WEOWORLD)* of every nation on Earth.
This is a total joke.  My dem friends stopped watching 10 mins in.



##TALK ABOUT REPARATIONS AND FUCK CRACKAS
#ALL THE TALK ABOUT IS GEOTUS!
Castro: Mexico will conquer the United States.
[⚡️@marc_lotter⚡️](https://twitter.com/marc_lotter/status/1144080978287243264):  
>WINNER of tonight’s debate was CLEARLY @realDonaldTrump. American people saw how radical and out of touch Democrat candidates are. (second place to Mitch McConnell)
Ah so Biden, Kerry, Clinton were pro war and anti-gay marriage because they were scared to have a spine. Yes. Of course, I forgot.
I am not a big Trump supporter, but I cannot believe that there are people who watch that debate and nod their heads in agreement and not see through the extreme bullshit and pondering. It is absolutely mind blowing. It is also funny how the only rational and reasonable statements by anyone on that stage were from people I never heard of before and the party makes sure they don't even have a remote chance of winning (the media and moderators too). It is just such a shit show. Watching Cory Booker literally jizz his pants in excitement to say the words "black people" and "lynch" in the same sentence was hilarious.
It’s sad a 23-month-old died, but bringing a two-year-old across the border is fucking retarded and is child endangerment.
Oh good. More ~~Spanish~~ pandering.
I'm probably gonna stop watching. I can feel my IQ dropping as I watch this. Goodnight, y'all
Haha, their staged "audience panel" got busted recording early.
Cory Booker making over 100k a year needs to move to a better community.
Imagine using your child to pander for votes
This Delaney guy is fucked, he's too reasonable.
Why is every thing under the sun in absolute crisis for the Dems?

I cant absorb any of this nonsense.

Miserable fucks.
[deleted]
This is a competition of who is the bigger victim. My Dad lost his leg, I was in the military and have a vagina, I am black, I am Beto.
We get it tulsi .......
I can't wait to see these guys debate against Trump.  This is absolutely insane.  They're all just trying to one up each other on who is the most radically progressive.  No substance.  No actual stances.  All just regurgitations of a liberal subreddit.
Why do they bring up race so much?
What a cringe-fest. This first debate is a mad race for the bottom.
lol Liz Warren you got those "opportunities" by lying that you were Native American to get Affirmative Action
See you fine 'pedes tomorrow.

That is so long as this place is still standing.
Alex Jones postshow so funny
Claire McCaskill is a snake. She is as dirty as they come in Washington. She represented Missouri while functioning under a lie. I attended her town hall in rural Missouri where she refused to attack Trump. She said she wanted to work with him, he wasn't a bad guy, but they had political differences. Now she is on MSNPC talking a big game about how terrible Trump is. Talking about his administration being am atrocity. See Claire, that's why you lost, we all knew you were full of shit.
Damn they just explained how “Beto” is a fraud and his real name is Robert. Time for another commercial break.
I stopped watching a while ago, I'm just reading reactions which are infinitely more entertaining than this borefest mockery of debate.
The McDonalds CEO only makes 2,100x more than a burger flipper?  Sounds low to me he should make more
Lol daddy just tweeted the 4eva meme again lmfao!
LMAOOOOO

that's what we're up against? a bunch of clowns? baaaaahahhahahahaha

anyone not totally indoctrinated into communist group think can instantly see through all these phony losers
Wow NBC. So nice to have Jane call in from the local library conference room through Skype. Big Spenders NBC
Democratic platform= Say Trump as a response to any question, get massive applause.
Wait. 60% of Democrat’s say the economy is doing well? Did they really just say that on live tv?
Beto is a total douche.
has to suck to be Jeff Bezos

first his wife took half

now corry booker wants to take 70% of what he has left
TrUmP sAyS wInD tUrBiNes cAusE cAnCer
Quarantining T\_D just before the first nationally televised emptying out of the clown car.

Ah, leftists and their media.
omg he's asking him a question in Spanish?
OMG TRUMP JUST WON!!!!!!!!!
This dude straight up just lied about immigration "separating children"

They separate them because many are coyotes who raped and trafficked them across to get into the US. Keeping them together before verifying is disgusting
What do Democrats and three week old diapers have in common? 

They’re both full of shit.
4m ago- Greg Gutfeld: i take the subway every day, and i've come across people shouting into their shoes that are more capable than these cock-eyed crackerjacks.
MEME MAGIC IS REAL
Anyone catch anything of value on the hot mike or just a bunch of reeee'ing?
Russian interference in the mics clearly guys
Wow. This is supposed to be a "professional" televised debate. 

#Honkity Honkity!!!
cant wait for them to talk abount the Assault Weapons Turn in program. Turn in a rifle and get 2 ration cards for food an water. Turn in your neighbor and get 3
Moderator: "Will you grab guns?"

Warren: "Ho! Ha Ha! Guard! Turn! Parry! Dodge! Spin! HA! Thrust!"
I'm the only one that lives in the hood
Cory Booker’s acting skills are on par with Jussie Smollett.
So these politicians just spoke to me in my own country in a foreign language, admitted there were 130k apprehended last month crossing the border illegally, then told me we need to: let in untold numbers of people that illegally cross our borders without regard for our capacity to process and handle them, stop allowing them to remain in mexico, end no tolerance policy for enforcing our existing border laws, give my hard earned tax money to help not only foreign citizens illegally here, but also help those in their home countries, reinstate daca and tps, offer all of these people a pathway to citizenship giving them even more benefits and tax payer funded help, and repeal only a portion of the Immigration and Nationality Act while leaving in place the parts that allow rampant immigration of 3rd worlders with no skills or English proficiency that will likely end up supported by my tax dollars...*then* had the nerve to say, "to all you americans out there that think you have been left behind, immigrants didn't do that to you". Yeah no shit Sherlock, you good for nothing politicians are the ones who left Americans behind. In what way do any of their immigration "solutions" help American citizens?!?!?!?! Am I not supposed to feel left behind as I am spoken to in a foreign language by my own "representatives"??? Then given a list of "solutions" that don't benefit me or my fellow Americans at all?
Booker is African American really?
AFRICAN AMERICAN TRANS RIGHTS
The technical problems was the highlight of the night
After watching this Democrat debate I feel dirty.
De Blasio: I have a black son. I'm better than you.
Tulsi is  winning on Drudge poll.
Tim Ryan is desperately making a plea for the working class...and the DNC is going to ignore it.
speaking spanish! DRINK!
MOTIVES UNCLEAR

[@Surabees](https://twitter.com/Surabees/status/1144075436240068609):  
>Weird how NBC "News" didn't have time to ask Dem frontrunner Elizabeth Warren any questions about her phony Native American heritage, but had enough time to ask Tulsi Gabbard (polling at 1%) about controversial past LGBT statements...I wonder why that is? 🤔🧐

>#Rigged #DemDebate
Booker is a total creep. His eyes scream kiddie diddler.
Beto would never agree to a 70% tax rate. It'd kill his personal wealth.
Okay so that was the lowest energy debate I've ever seen. They were tripping over themselves to agree with each other lmao
YUUUUGE!

[@TeamTrump](https://twitter.com/TeamTrump/status/1144078750289727489):  
>President @realDonaldTrump won the First Democratic Presidential Debate!

>#SoMuchWinning #KAG #MAGA #DemDebate
8 clowns on CNN talking around a table.
I’m a little late but this was a complete joke. What’s up with the Spanish? This is America. Also, weapons of war, give me a break
> Ever since the passage of the Super Predator Crime Bill, pushed hard by 
@JoeBiden
, together with Bill and Crooked Hillary Clinton, which inflicted great pain on many, but especially the African American Community, Democrats have tried and failed to pass Criminal Justice Reform...



Wow! President Trump is NOT going to pull any punches this election. Beautiful.
Who won the debate guys? Here's my analysis

De Blasio: Has a Black Son

Booker, Castro, Orouke: Can speak Spanish + Minority bonus

Tulsi, Warren: Female + Minority Bonus

Klobachar: White woman - half bonus points. Also eats with a comb

WA Gov, Tim Ryan, Dulaney: worthless white males

Other than the bottom 4, far too close to call.
Do you think they told any of the candidates tonight that they were on Reject Hour and none of them are allowed to win the dem nomination?
#YOU ARE NOT CAMPAIGNING TO BE PRESIDENT OF MEXICO YOU BETA BITCH!
The look on Bookers face as the white Irish guy speaks Spanish is worth watching this debate for
AHAHAHA Bobby O'Rourke speaking to his people
Can't say I've heard a worst spanish accent.
This is very obviously a hit job on warren ahead of her facing off against Biden. The moderator is targeting her with every question she asks the other candidates
*General Motors got a bailout.*

Uh... who was president when that happened, you muppet?
Cost of healthcare is fucking nuts - getting the government involved is what broke it, not what will fix it ya dumb cunt
I have experienced the NHS here in the UK and the service is despicable

Edit:

Just for example, my housemate who is an older woman with a torn ligament has been waiting 6 weeks now to get an X-Ray. She can’t get time off from work, and has no cure in sight.
Dem 1: Medicare for all!               
Dem 2: NO, medicare for *all*               
Dem 3: You are wrong, medicare for all!
Trans men getting abortion? Haha this is honk ing ridiculous
Beto: I love pills. They should be free. Who’s driving tonight?
I don't really see the point in having a debate between 10 people that agree on everything.
OH MY GOD BOOKER IS SPEAKING SPANISH
Trump just tweeted : “BORING!” 😄😄
Why dont they speak in Russian?
They're really fighting to be the president of Mexico here. . .
1.) EXPAND BENEFIT PROGRAMS

2.) DECRIMINALIZE ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION

3.) ***rule forever***
[Elizabeth Warren could not name any limits she supports on abortion. She doesn’t even draw the line at fully formed, healthy, viable babies. #DemDebate](https://twitter.com/trumpwarroom/status/1144059910252105728?s=21)
Lmao holy shit - hostility from the middle east is Trump's fault.

Pick up a history book dumbfuck. Iran has been hostile against the US since the 70s
So far I have learned...

1. Illegals is the new Black

2. Nukes for Iran.

3. Free abortions for dudes with boobs. 

This is the democrat party? Am I missing something?

Spez: Thanks fellow Pedes!
How are you guys watching this? I could t handle it after five minutes
Was there shit talking on the open mics?
Can't even run a debate. Wow.
 🤡🌎
HONK FUCKING HONK
BREAKING: DEMOCRAT DEBATE TO BE DECIDED BY PIE FIGHT!
Lmao, has Delaney been able to say anything?
Why does Robert Francis have a story book for each question lmao
Is it too late to uninvite Beto to this debate? I feel like even the audience is groaning when a question goes to him.
I'm done for the night. I can only listen to Democrats for so long.
Something something Latino

Castro: despacito 

**Crowd goes wild**
Illegal immigration is white genocide. Change my mind.
"the decisions have to be made by the United States Congress"

Except on abortion, gay marriage, gun control, etc
These fuckers are ready to go out and save foreigners but they won't protect our own border.
Holy shit, Beto is a fucking moron.
That money could be going into wall construction 😏
"Nobody is above the law"

Then what about illegal immigrants?
I find it hard to say something positive about any of the candidates. Maybe Delaney, just because he doesn't suffer as much from Trump Derangement Syndrome and not addicted to peach-mints.
Thus far my "favorite" has been Tim Ryan.  He doesn't seem to give a shit about all the bullshit PC-issues and social justice, the guy honestly seems to care about reducing coastal elitism in the Democratic Party, and helping his reps in the Midwest.

Would I vote for him over Trump?  Hell nah.  But he seems to at least have a head on his shoulders.
Klobuchar is so full of shit “not part of the establishment” lol
Growing up on the reservation I never imagined I I could run for President...
End of debate takeaway --- They all used the word "work" out of context at some point or another and here's why ---

POTUS: Make America Great Again (because dems made it broken)

DEMS: Make America Work Again (because their base feels it's broken)

They found their slogan.
Haha Inslee is getting taken down for “mansplaining” 🤡 🌎
I have a black son 👍 lol
The MSNBC "analysts" right now are commenting their disappointment that the candidates didn't go after Trump enough.  Like, why didn't they constantly murmur orange man bad like our hourly programming???
Glad that's over. Gotta go now and nurse this brain tumor I got from watching it, to be ready for part two tomorrow.
Tards.

That's my political analysis of this debate and I stand by it.
No wonder they all want free healthcare, they all have bad teeth. Disgusting!
The state of American politics is at an all time high when potential candidates for highest office are campaigning that we should "Do Stuff"
I have a Livestream with auto-updating Trump tweets on the screen for anyone interested. https://player.angelthump.com/?channel=chippyr
I can't believe he just spoke Spanish. Talk about pandering.
Every time they say orange man bad take a shot.
Elizabeth Warren is doing that bobblehead thing
So how much time are they going to give Warren before they let any of the other 7 people who haven't had any time on stage speak?
Why am I even watching this? I’m embarrassed for myself.
Not even 5 minutes and this shit is hilarious. They're all simultaneously campaigning for free shit and identity politics. I lost my shit when beto started a paragraph in Spanish.
That guy was to pro America. He won't win.
Clotheshangars for all!
Please clap. I am woman. 51% of world population.
Oh Shit more spanish
FOR THE LOVE OF GOD SPEAK ENGLISH
America will never be a Spanish country
Democrat debate: who can suck the most mexican and black dick?
This is a shitshow and I cannot believe people will vote for these clowns
Corey Booker is the worst Spanish speaker I have ever heard on TV
Side note Pedes ... I am proud of ALL of you...This post is on fire !!! Despite all the bullshit today... Here we are!!!  Bigger and stronger than ever... MAGA2020!!! The revolution will not be televised !
It's like watching two crack whores fight over the same dick.
[💝😘@kayleighmcenany😘💝](https://twitter.com/kayleighmcenany/status/1144059452879966208):  
>WOW ‼️

>Amy Klobuchar -- the so-called "moderate" (there are none) -- wants to look at Castro's proposal to DECRIMINALIZE BORDER CROSSINGS. 

>As we told you -- there are no moderates at the #DemDebate!
Can't imagine any of these people in the white house. Even on a tour.
Elizabeth Warren wants to abolish private insurance...what do you call it when you abolish an entire private industry and replace it with a government program...bommunism...lommunism...it’s on the tip of my tongue...
I think they cut Bill DeBlasio's mic.
😂😂😂😂
Trump is such a warmonger that he...he...called off a retaliation strike. Oh.
TRUMP DID DEESCALATE THE TENIONS YOU IGNORANT FUCKING DRONE!
Trump’s gonna run wild on them in the presidential debates
Are we sure this isn't a SNL skit?

I'm not certain any of these responses are serious.

All they do is blame Trump and cater to the illegals.

NPC's, all of them.

God help the USA if any of these charisma vacuums take over after 2024.
[deleted]
Hey guys we know the polls were completely wrong in 2016 about Trump but let's look at some more dumb fuck polls, k?
Washington state chucklehead just said he welcomes as many aliens as Trump wants to send him.

(He got the memo that it looks bad to say you want to provide sanctuary but then hypocritically treat the army of illegals as a scourge to be avoided.)  So he lies. No WAY he wants the floodgates of illegals dropped on his state.

OH WELL. Abracadabra Clowny your wish is our command.

Watch all the voters switch their views when they have to live with the actual fallout of their self destructive ideas and run Clowny right out of office. But It will be too late.
Will Maddow cry while asking a question?
Castro fighting for trans women's reproductive rights was awesome. That's gold.
“We need to make a deal with Iran”

No. FUCK Iran. Iran should be begging us not to fuck them
God is intervening in this nonsense.
Trump Curse
Fucking 🤡show
haha we cant do anything right vote for us.
Can you believe Castro said his 10 yr old is a girl?  How does he know for sure since he's the one who wants trannies to have access to abortions.
Wait!?!?!? Did they just admit MASS SHOOTINGS are caused by mental health!?!?!?
I love you guys, but I can’t take this shit anymore. I’m going to get a Jack Daniels, and go watch my neighbor shoot off fireworks.
Muhhh black son
#I've been raising a black son.

#Pack it up pedes...We've reached pandering levels never thought possible!
"I'VE BEEN RAISING A BLACK SON IN AMERICA (vote for me)"
"Did I mention that I live in the hood?" - Cory Booker every time he speaks
Miami is underwater?  That's news to me.
Asking who pays for it? "That's not the real issue" AHAHAHAHHAHAHAHHA!
My god this is such a sham.
African American Trans Americans

There's like 20 of them
LOL RACHEL MADDOW WITH THE "YOU ARE THE ONLY HISPANIC PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE RUNNING" TO FORMER SECRETARY CASTRO...

BETO BTFO
Trump made us weaker as a country 😂😂 I'm dead. Beto the idiot.
Tim looks like a bad wax figure of Al Gore.
"as a soldier with a vagina"
Not gonna lie Tulsi is not unattractive. Granted I have been staring at Pocahontas, Klobuchar, and a bunch of betas but still...
Tulsi just smoked that cuck
Biggest geopolitical threat is climate change lmaoooooo
"My minority group sees your minority group and raises you 2 oppressions."
How can you impeach with no fucking reason?
ORRRRRRRRRG MAAAAAN BAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAD
Delany at least is talking to middle road voters, not just spewing DNC talking points.  Tim Ryan saying Dem party has to stop ignoring non-coastal Americans and Tulsi is not backing down from anti-war position.  

Other than that its all Orange mad bad, oppression Olympics, open borders, free stuff for everyone extravaganza.
Have to say - I feel better about 2020 after watching this
Anyone lurking here, expecting calls to violence and hatred?  Surprised you didn't find it?
De Blasio seems like a Seinfeld character
mui estada grande boobies
I want to hear Elizabeth Warren speak Navajo.
So how will the candidates tomorrow out virtue the Spanish speaking?  Are they going to whip out the mats and pray to Mecca?
Warren is gonna do here native american homeland dance to send us off.
SHE CALLED HIM BETA LOOOOLLLL
Wow Trump is actually going to win, again.
Holy shit. I thought I was watching a deleted debate scene from Billy Madison.
Hahahah they're already pushing Biden
Here we go... The Democrats swore there was no "Crisis". Yet Republicans screaming yes ..
LMFAO HE TALKING IN SPANISH
Again Delaney is knocking it out of the park but no one cares - they only care about impeachment.
Delaney is actually coming off really well here, shame nobody will care
TRUMP 2020🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸TRUMP 2020....Maybe 2024 as well?......
I've got more Indian DNA in my mouth than Elizabeth Warren does in her whole body.

Bernie Sanders combs his hair with a balloon.

Biden is a pedophile


The rest arent even worth mocking
hahaha christ ive never posted in t_d before, but this debate is a train-wreck, I had to check here for the memes to retain some sanity after hearing this garbage
**THIS IS ABSOLUTELY WHY THIS DOMREDDIT WAS BANNED TODAY.  TO PREVENT THIS SHITSHOW FROM REACHING THE FRONT PAGE!!!!**


Edit: Quarantined.
Lol fuck De Blasio
My God this is such a clusterfuck for them. All they can say is "Donald Trump bad" in as many different ways possible. No one is willing to take a stance on any policy because they know they will have to flip flop on anything so any answers are deliberately vague if it isnt something that they can pander towards their base
Someone's getting fired, YAY!
This is almost as bad as the time Hillary was late because she was in the bathroom.
Did the moderator just ask these people what role the fed gov should have to reclaim every gun in America? LOL. Never has there been a more blatant attack on the 2nd amendment in a debate. smh. SHALL. NOT. BE. INFRINGED.
Maybe Warren can put her ear to the ground and inform us whats going on
Elizabeth warren: I propose a gun for tomahawk trade in program
And we’re bac-*nevermind*
This was on purpose.

Even the handlers said, "We gotta shut it down."
Seems to be less upvoting in general here tonight? Hope it's not due to some kind of suppression. I would expect more upvoting, not less, under the circumstances. We need to rally
Tulsi is the only reasonable of the cast. The rest are moonbats. She will still be swept on the floor in the general debates. President Trump has successful, actionable items to present. These clowns have unattainable ideas.

Cannot wait to get 10+ people to go to the polls and vote for President Trump. I recommend everyone make sure we prove a point. Fuck the far-left ideology. 

Let’s step on the throat of communism and censorship once and for all. 

Keep America Great Again 2020 🇺🇸
the quarantine is /qomfy/
Ryan Madcow looking quite gender neutral today if I must say so myself.
Host "Explain your plan"

Booker "We will find a way"
Corey how the fuck as a senator are you gonna tell me in a presidential debate your neighborhood had 7 recent shootings and I should vote for you
The President is flying in Air Force One, shitposting on Twitter as he watches this shitshow of a debate. God Bless This Timeline.
#What about a license to VOTE?!
MUH I LOVE BLACKS
His black son Dante? Lol
lol crazy eyes Booker thinks he's the front runner.
[Bill Deblasio be like: "MY BLACK SON"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IWSCJ28Vp6w)
WE'RE NOT A FUCKING DEMOCRACY. HOLY SHIT, I AM SICK OF HEARING THAT
[💝😘@kayleighmcenany😘💝](https://twitter.com/kayleighmcenany/status/1144066987301199872):  
>ZERO limits on abortion! 

>Elizabeth Warren wants NO LIMITS... fully formed, fully viable babies can be terminated.

>SICK & GROTESQUE!
Pocahontas 527 points ahead of Trump 

🤡🌎🤡🌎
"We are a democracy."

#NO WE ARE A REPUBLIC
Such a bad worded question. Say how will you work with McConnell. Not deal with him.
13% of the population commit 55% of murders
So Spartacus being black supercedes DeBlasio having a black son?  This pandering is hard to keep up with.
OUR TOWNS ARE BURNING???
**Miami underwater!!**

Is there any proof of this flooding?
Can you even imagine Warren as president? We would look so weak
De Blasio: I have a black son

Booker: I am black, son
#@NBCNews and @ MSNBC should be ashamed of themselves for having such a horrible technical breakdown in the middle of the debate. Truly unprofessional and only worthy of a FAKE NEWS Organization, which they are!
Let’s also mention Nuclear Power

Democrats fucking hate Nuclear Power for no reason, California is shutting down their last NPP this year and guess what’s replacing that load? Natural Gas and Coal

Fucking morons 

We need to be more Nuclear reliant until we unlock Fusion but Dems are uneducated fuckers who don’t realize that a Fukushima or Chernobyl will never happen with 4th Gen Reactors plus waste can be recycled
He literally just said Dems have to stop being the party of the coastal, the illegal ...
Poor Delaney. At least he's offering a policy, only to be shut up by the mods to give time for the pandering.
In this segment: Pander pander pander pander pander identity politics pander pander pander pander pander pander virtue signal pander pander pander pander.
Castro, “I will put in a policy to require police to shoot white males.”
Yeah, use Rwanda as your example, Robert. Because the Democrats did SUCH a bang-up job with that.
Imagine being a moderate Democrat and watching your party turn into pile of garbage on thag stage.
NPC: OMG he said Donald Trump is the biggest threat. Clap.exe
Our biggest geopolitical threat is Russia? What about when Mitt said that 6 years ago? Sounds pretty prescient now.
Most retarded debate I've ever seen. This country is dead.
Trump, Chyna, Climate, Russia. "Thank you for that WIDE VIRETY OF ANSWERS" ROFL
#IN PEECH FOTY FIE!
Make no mistake, Democrats want to replace you with illegal immigration.
Biggest geopolitical threat?

>Could you repeat the question?
I wonder if Hillary is going to be held accountable?
leave it to Rachel Maddow to bring up the muller report....
Thank the Lord this shit is almost over.
I would pay good money for Beta to get the Dem nod and see him go head to head against trump. It would be priceless.
🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸TRUMP 2020
NBC saying they’re the most trusted name? Holy delusion.
Delaney wants to uh.... Make America Great Again. Without using the phrase. Lol
Since I have your eyeballs. Who thinks we should get the POTUS to do another AMA so he can see first hand the censorship we're enduring?
There's just no soul in any of these closing statements. All rehearsed lines generated for appeal instead of speaking from the heart.
Someone needs to make a Spanish Supercut of the debate and set it to mariachi music.
Sponsored by Rosetta Stone!
Warren bout to close this bitch out with a traditional Navajo rain dance!
Beto acts like he read one book on speaking

>Always start with a personal example to seem more relatable

My rich billionaire child turned 11, I'm up here for mexican children
Elizabeth Warren is the face of white privilege.
Lmao Warren since you brought up the subject, did you lie about certain thing to get into college by any chance?
#zero charisma tonight
The're saying Warren needs to be farther left🤡
How much caffeine is Biden gonna be on tomorrow?
Excited for the grown up's table debate tomorrow
As always, fun watching with you good people. Reminder: Everyone be sure to brush up on your Spanish before tomorrow night!
Where are all the Texas gun owners who think semi auto rifles should be banned? 

“Not gonna take your guns (just the most common and numerous style rifles in the world)”
Take a shot every time they say “Free”, “Trump”, “Racist”, “Sexist”, “Socialism”, “Communism”, or “Evil”. Actually, don’t. You’ll die from alcohol poisoning,
I agree Pocahontas let's take on the big tech companies
Beto is a cringe show, he looks like he has meat sweats.
How can anybody look at any of these people and think, “that’s who I want to be the leader of the free world”.
I'm glad they put Delaney's name on the screen, finally

had no idea who that was 

he looks like a dude who watches porn with his mom
Seems like a really weird flex to go after the economy and jobs, but ok...
giant tech corporations have exactly one loyalty: leftism.
These fakers are trying to piggyback on the Trump Agenda, but they're lying.
Wow holy shit a reasonable argument
I’m not paying for your abortion
LOL TRANS WOMEN ARE MEN YOU FUCK.
#REPRODUCTIVE TRANSGENDER ABORTION JUSTICE
Reproductive justice??!? WTF?!?!? Ooooh trannys want abortion now? 😂😂😂 my fucking sides.
Wait aren't trans females born male? How can they get pregnant
because men can get pregnant
This is like a clown car, with every clown brawling to get the privilege of driving, without realizing that the car is careening off a cliff.
Oh my god, they're debating abortion now, and people are cheering. #ThesePeopleAreSick
Way too dramatic for a moderator.
MAS ESPANOL OH BOI
Bill de Blasio: The immigrants didn't do that to you! The 1% did that to you! I did that to you!
Now the moderators are speaking Spanish. WTF!?
Are we living In messico?
Speak ENGLISH mf'ers!

This ain't Univision!
Can some one help me with tech support. my TV keeps switching to Telemundo
C L O W N FUCKING W O R L D
# ~ T R A N S ~ A B O R T I O N S ~
"Who can go the furthest left without calling themselves a socialist"

This debate in a nutshell.
The Spanish speaking is sooooo awkward
Guy from Maryland wants to talk about preventing illegals from coming rather than allowing everyone in and gets shut down immediately.
This is a big middle finger to me as a legal immigrant. Fuck me for doing it the legal way, right?
Three week old diapers that haven't been changed.

What terrible parents.
Let's bend over and take it from Iran. - Cory Booker
DiVeRsItY iS oUr StReNgTh
I can't look at Amy, and not think of her angrily eating a salad with a dirty comb
Did Tulsi get white highlights to make herself look older? lmao
#"PUT THE AMERICAN PEOPLE FIRST"

#BUILD THE FUCKING WALL
the commercials are telling us how unpopular our President is

un huh
What about Russia!!!?  Where’s the Russia talk!?
Omg can’t even get the fucking mics to work
ABSOLUTELY PATHETIC!
Just watching this debate made me realized something: Donald Trump shitposted to the white house. That happened.
Pander Spanish

Canned Speeches

And now technical difficulties

&#x200B;

Shit. meet Show
literal clown world shitshow!
Wtf they just took a break.  Amateur hour.
I was kinda worried about the election but this has calmed all my fears as holy shit the democrats are a mess
Divide and Pander 2020
I like how the questions in this debate aren't even asking the candidates to state their position: it's literally just "Here's a generic Democrat platform position. How would you do it?" Do any of them have a unique platform or do they all just agree on everything and disagree on the means?
I can't wait to see President Trump vs. the democatic nominee
I’m actually excited to watch crazy Bernie and creepy joe tomorrow. I hope it’s as much of a shit show as this.
100 million new gun collectors just happened
I'm gonna go out on a limb and say that someone whose title and name would be "President Castro" is going to have some trouble drumming up votes.
Lets discuss the tranny that just shot up a school!
can we talk about how half of these candidates keep randomly speaking in Spanish in an attempt to pander to specific demographics when asked certain questions.....like seriously....wtf people....
O'Rourke is like a fucking NPC robot. The guy is programmed. It's fucking creepy. His mannerisms... Everything.
#BUT YOU DONT NEED A LICENSE TO VOTE REEEEEE FUCK YOU SPARTICUS
I HaVe A bLaCk SoN
Muh Black son Dante
No one would be targeting De Blasio’s kid
The NYPD HATES De Blasio!!
MUH WIFE'S BOYFRIEND TYRONE'S SON.
Remember this is the dude who the entire NYPD turned their back to at an Officers Funeral. Hes an ass
We are not a democracy...
Rainbow Snatch aka Millie Weaver is reporting outside the debate and says they have a woping 60 to 80 people supporting their clown world  candidates.
annnnnnd the race card is out!!!!
If anyone has not been paying attention, Corey Booker is from a low income neighborhood. He needs us to know this.
Not a single question about our economy... what a joke
This is the stupidest motherfucker I've ever seen
 Watching this debate explains a lot with regard to Democrat's lack of respect for laws, they can't seem to even grasp the rules of the debate.
I'm turning this shit off. They're all a threat, but I'm bored. Night y'all. 

Shall. Not. Be. Infringed.
Beto out of form today. He needs a nice table to stand his ground and wave his arms to unleash his inner Super Saiyan
Guys....i literally cant.  I have to cut out.  Im losing IQ points and going to bed
Ok I finally had to turn it off. I decided to watch the debates so I could get a good idea of Democratic talking points going into next election and counter their plans. Instead they spent the entire time virtue signaling.

This lineup must look like a feast to President Trump right now.
tim ryan actually said something that made sense surprised they didn't shut him down asap
Corey booker just said "African American trans Americans "🤡🌎
Called my liberal friend to ask him his thoughts on the debates, "I turned it off". Haha ^^^very ^^^^low ^^^^energy
Reminder queers are less than 10% of the population trannys less than .1 %
Corey: I AM BLACK.  I AM BLACK.  I AM BLACK!
"John from New York", you mean this is a question we made up ourselves.
Will Beto speak Spanish?  Place your bets now.
11k like to 18k dislike ratio for the debate. KEK
Mod: you’re the only Latino running
Beto: 😒
"We're all here to virtue signal on as many Democrat talking points as the moderators can cram in."
What “wars” are these bitches talking about? Are we in some new wars that I don’t know about?
Everyone is always picking on Beta cuck Beto

HAHA
Everytime he talks about the Midwest, they cut him right off.
Trump was distracted and that's why the drone was shot down!
lmao his face!
Gabbard is killing this.  Only person with a spine.  Only person not virtue signalling.  Only person using logic and not emotion.
Tulsi is the least worst
Congratulations, you have all arrived at Trump’s 2016 platforms.
Aaaaaand there's the Russia. Bingo!
Trump bad

#AND THE CROWD GOES WILD
LOL Donald Trump
“I’m such a tough guy!” -Beto, just now.
"no one is above the law" cept Hillary
Today is the JV game, tomorrow is the real thing. All these losers are there to do is raise a little money that can be gifted to the real candidate.
"We cannot let...some people, because of their positions of power, be above the law" Beto and everyone else.

How about the migrants that crossed the border illegally? If they are not above the law, send them back.

How about Hillary Clinton and her having an illegal private email server?

Muh...iMpEaChMeNt.
Don't let Mitch stop the backup paper ballots = Don't let Mitch stop voter fraud.
Who else sees all those empty seats?
[⚡️@marc_lotter⚡️](https://twitter.com/marc_lotter/status/1144070845549154304):  
>TRUTH BOMB IN DEBATE - Democrats don't represent working Americans. 

>@RealDonaldTrump does! 🇺🇸 #KAG
Can we bring out Jeb!, Liddle Marco, and Lyin’ Ted for old times’ sake? This shit is BORING
Thanks pedes, I'm done with this clown show, been fun watching these retards expunge their ignorance with you all!
The moderators keep trying to shut John Delaney up because he's trying to sound sane.
"this primary matters because of all the black people"


Yeah, and *we're* the racists. Ok liberals
America is already working you buffoon. Thank Trump for that.
Lmao Delaney’s message is Make America Great Again
"There's nothing worse than not being heard..."

"Your 45 seconds are up..."
Tulsi is pretty hot
Press 1 for Engrish
Get fucked, Julian. Your mother founded La Raza.
Booker, you grew up rich and privileged. You went to Yale dude lol
Most disappointing part of the debate was the lack of elaboration on "tranny abortions"
Never in 1024 years did Pocahontas think she was going to be standing on that stage
8.2k comments. Only 2.4k upvotes.

Suuure, Reddit. Suuure.
No one Questioned Warren on her fake Native Status
loll @ redacteds strawpoll. They say Elizabeth warren won the debate. She barely spoke!
Amy Klobuchar: Hi I am Hillary 0.50, vote for me!
[🔥 @TrumpWarRoom 💥](https://twitter.com/TrumpWarRoom/status/1144079689692192768):  
>IT’S ILHAN OMAR’S PARTY NOW: There was NO MENTION of #Israel or the scourge of anti-Semitism at tonight’s #DemDebate. #JEXIT
Im surprised how much these NBC people are calling out Democrats
Remember tomorrow night points are doubled so that means hard liquor only. Have a good night everyone time to stumble off to bed.
that was brutal, kept rewinding, but couldn't understand the noises they were making
[💝😘@kayleighmcenany😘💝](https://twitter.com/kayleighmcenany/status/1144084010571902976):  
>"This debate was the best argument for President @realDonaldTrump's re-election and should really be counted as an in-kind contribution to the President’s campaign."

>Our @TeamTrump statement on the #DemDebate --> https://pbs.twimg.com/media/D-CaKh_WwAAEY7w.png
Man does NBC like sniffing its own ass with this pre debate ad
None of the Youtube links have the chat enabled. Holy shit.
HAHAHA they are riggin it for Warren - 2 questions lolol
Booker refuses to answer the question!! LOL.  See a trend?
Making products here in America? Bringing manufacturing back to America? 

So they're going to steal the MAGA platform?
Bunch of rich people, telling poor people that rich people are why they are poor

🤡🌎
Acid Rain -> Ozone Layer -> Global Warming -> Global Cooling -> Climate Change... I wonder what next decades 'the world is going to end' fad is gonna be.
This NBC analysis needs a full on trans dude - they're not diverse enough
#ENGLISH MOTHERFUCKER
I'm voting for whoever offers free yachts for all first
Beto just busted out some low quality Spanish
Awww look at Booker’s little President costume. That’s adorable
Warren looks whiter than casper
"Donald Trump says wind turbines cause cancers, I say they cause jobs."

Epic failed attempt to make a strong quote.
They sound pretty MAGA with "bringing manufacturing jobs back" but all they can talk about is green energy which is proven to kill more jobs than it creates.
hEaLtH cArE iS A hUmAn rIgHt
Bald guy is kind of right. Which means he is fucked
beto looks like david hogg's older teenage brother
Corey Booker lives in a low income neighborhood?
#FREE STUFF FOR EVERYONE WITH NO EXPLANATION OF HOW TO PAY FOR IT - Dems Slogan
I don't want to pay for other people's abortions. Doesn't feel right.
Men pretending to be women can’t get pregnant
Transwoman abortion?
HAHAHA.

GregGutfeld

This isn't a debate, It's a tryout for the MSNBC weekend lineup.
I say we abort this debate and go to round 2 with the communists
Trans-female abortion? I just thought I was confused.
just shows you how far left Democrat party is... they aren't debating when abortion is okay, they are debating if every woman should have free access to abortion
Lol wut. A trans women right to choose? I don’t think Castro gets how the body works
Can’t Warren just send smoke signals up the vagene to smoke the baby out? Why does the government need to be involved
Who is this guy 😂 what a dramatic reading of that question lmao
Dude died and killed his daughter trying to commit a crime. Fact.
This speaking Spanish shit is honestly histerical
LMFAO THE PANDERING
Oh oh, Beto looking pissed Cory out-Spanished him!
Was the hell language was that coming out of bookers mouth?
BORING!
-@realdonaldtrump
OH NO MORE SPANISH
Now they're asking questions in Spanish.
Who is the Native American woman in purple?
This is worse than I could have ever imagined
are you kidding me, they speaking spanish now?
I don't want to care for foreigners I have kids of my own
Do these people not understand that most Americans do not speak Spanish?
This pandering bullshit by speaking Spanish is so annoying and obviously not natural.
The pandering levels are off the charts, now they're all speaking Spanish. What country are we in and whose debates are these? Holy shit.
All of the candidates: "I speak Spanish! That means I care!"
I want Melania to pop on stage... 5 languages, dominoes bitches!
I guess Spanish is the de facto language of the Estados Unidos, comrades. Not only that I need to learn to code, but I must learn another language in the country I'm born in.
##VIRTUE SIGNALING AT IT'S FINEST.
...LOL SPEAKING SPANISH.....
ARE THEY INVITING ILLEGALS WHO CANT SPEAK ENGLISH TO VOTE??
Yeah, tons of laureates coming in illegally from Mexico.   
  
Lol.  Do they even hear themselves?
"Lying in their own snot, with three-week old diapers that need to be changed!" OMG
So...what about Americans? Do we get anything? Are we going to talk about Americans?
Seattle is a shithole literally. The streets are paved with shit and needles
I keep pressing 1 for English on my remote.

Is there something wrong with my TV?
I love Tulsi Gabbard, I think the last time the left let her talk was 40 minutes ago. The left knows she has a little MAGA in her.
Tulsi is killing them.  Really amazing performance by only opening her mouth once.
Is anyone of these miscreant politicians going to mention the homeless problem in Cali? No! only illegal immigrants matter, how dare you give two shits about a single USA citizen.
Yeah, Klobuchar let's give Iran nukes.

What a nut.
"Orange man is a warmonger who's started zero wars. We need to start a war NOW!"
Bitch wants to be tough on Iran by giving them more money? wtf
1 tweet away from going to warrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr! lmao
Tulsi you're boring
Are they really telling everyone that we need to let in the entirety of South America but that Trump is the one making us "less safe"?
GEOTUS is loving this, probably still switching back to the gorilla channel though because these candidates are so cookie cutter its like watching NPCs IRL.
TRUMP TRUMP TRUMP, 24/7 living in their heads.
This fucking God awful fake news NYT commercial
This debate is such low energy.
I disagree with trump saying it's boring, this debate is hilariously stupid. Maybe it's because I'm a little drunk what do you all think?
Lmao they cant even get the microphones right? What a clown show
NBC can't even get their shit straight let alone the fucking candidates.
Elizabeth was funnier when her own husband said he didn't want to drink a beer with her.
NBC with the failure of the complex "switch who sits in the chairs" maneuver.
LMAO what a shit show
And they didn't want Fox to have a debate, they can't even get the audio straight
Mic issue my ass, warren wasnt ready for that.
They can’t even get the microphone to work. But you can make gun control work?  
  
Good luck.
Oh no that sucks!
This is so funny. It feels like I can predict whatever they say. 

Let me guess Senator, rep, etc. you want the government to do more.
Oh look at that I was right again.
BORING!
Hmmm Tulsi says no more war and suddenly the broadcast breaks haha
What did the control room say? I didn't catch it.
Trump just filled up a stadium with no problem at all in the center of Florida. Democrats have no chance.
SHALL. NOT. BE. INFRINGED.
Booker's facial expressions are hilarious. He looks like the guy from key and peele
Pocahontas wants to take our firesticks.
School shooting every day? Well I learned something new today
Dam they really want to take away your rights
'weapons of war' - great future blanket term for ALL guns
Did Castro just assume his childs gender?
My name is Beto, I like to skateboard.
Alex Jones warned us of these Socialists 10 years ago. We laughed at him then.
Most of America DOES NOT agree with you, Booker.
Dem A: I agree with Dem B                    
Dem B: I agree with Dem C                   
Dem C: I agree with Dem A
I used to live NYC and he turned it into a Shithole worse than Bloomberg.
MY BLAX SON D’ANTE
D Blasio: my kid is black vote for me bc guns and MY OWN POLICE
"I've been raising a black son"

THERE IT FUCKING IS - Always talk about "adopted black privilege" but there it fucking is in the fuckin flesh
LMAO, my son's black, vote for meeeeeeeeeeeeee!
De Blasio: I've had to have some discussions with my black son.

Is Mayor De Blasio "whitesplaining" to his son? Racist.
They keep feeding Warren
He's got a black son named Dante? LOLOL

Democrats are so fucking fake man
we're a democracy as much as you are an indian
I wish they had a dedicated Tulsi camera.
MUHH SLLLLAAAAAVERY
John Delany is a tad too sane for this clown show lmao
Cory: Im Black too look at me! Gotta love identity politics.
Booker stole Both the Opioid Crisis and Criminal Justice Reform from Trump.  Pathetic.
Jay Insleec said "Take away the filibuster from Mitch McConnell".

But that only works if Republicans aren't the majority. Putting the cart before the horse? 🤔
They sky is falling!  Ban carbon dioxide emissions in the US to save the world.  

**If you think climate change is an existential threat are you willing to bomb Chinese coal factories to enforce worldwide clean energy?!?**
Delaney seems to be the only one who can put together a sentence and must be a threat to whoever they are trying to get in there... It must be the reason they keep cutting him off... show the batshit crazies and get them out of the mix to put your man / woman in front.

maybe its the other one they're right next to each other
Mr hit and run he knows everything about Iowa even though he’s from Texas
Trump will wipe the floor with these basket-cases
Lol who pays? The tax payers, of course!
Pwerto Rhico
Gred Gutfeld: "this is (like an episode of) AMERICA'S GOT NO TALENT."
Did Cocaine Mitch touch them inappropriately?

LOL
"Socialism works, you just have to do it right."

Democrats in a nutshell.
[deleted]
You know what they never mentioned once? 

# RUSSIA! 

Weird...
Applause for being latino.
Save the time stamp - you can find Yawning Man at approx 1:34:00 minutes into the debate (subtract the commercials).
US Army in Okinawa....Press X to doubt
This is one of those times where you could say, "I'm sleepy guys. Let's all go to bed" and you'd be right.
This is just one big pity contest.  I'm the biggest victim on the stage, vote for me.
We all need some of Mitch's cocaine to stay awake for this.
Beto is brain dead
OK, im convinced that Tim is a secret Republican....
Congressman Ryan isn't complete cancer which is crazy
HEY IM GABBARD, THE SOLDIER, THE WAR FIGHTER, YA KNOW?
All I got to say about the Dem debates tonight is that ..

William Barr is closing in.
[FACT: President Trump's administration launched a global campaign to decriminalize homosexuality and is promoting protections for #LGBT people in countries that persecute them. #DemDebate](https://twitter.com/trumpwarroom/status/1144072592682291200?s=21)
He's going to cry. Lol
Guess everyone who had "Russia" as the key word for their drinking game is still sober tonight.
Thank you, Tulsi. But, we already have an anti-war president.
Was Tulsi in the Military?
Here's my theory, they can't win, Biden Suddenly gets ill and drops out.  Buttigeg or Warren gets the nomination, gets destroyed.  We get called either homophobes or woman haters for another 4 years.
Climate change these people are clowns🤡
these candidates are idiots....name our main GEOpolitical threat. "ughhhh.... climate, trump, etc."
Holy shit did we just see a colossal fuckup revealing a scripted question and answer?
The crowd cheers when they bash trump, Russia and climate change but ignore things like China, Iran, etc.
Tulsi and Castro makes me uncomfortable. There's something about their faces that is slimy.
Im getting cancer watching this load of lies and horse shit.
CHECK GEOTUS TWITTER LMFAO
These guys acting like Turtle Mitch is fucking Doctor evil lol
No one gives a fuck what Klobuchar, Delaney, that dude from Ohio, or the other guy that said Trump was the biggest threat have to say lol.
Chuck Todd looks like a beaver. I just realized that.
>If we're going to let Mitch McConnell stop all the backup paper ballots

#WHAT THE FUCK DO DEMOCRATS NEED BACKUP PAPER BALLOTS FOR EXCEPT TO STUFF THE TALLIES
Not gonna lie, if I were on the fence, I would consider a vote for Delaney. Too bad he’s still a democrat and represents the policies that could only bee seen in a clown world. MAGA2020
"Getting America working again"

Trump: "Already done. What else you got?"
#YOUVE RUINED NEW YORK YOU STUPID COCKSUCKER
I FEEL BAD FOR RYAN. HES THE ONE THAT'S NOT HEARD
Climate change is not in the top 50 of our problems
These people think America is a terrible place. They have nothing good to say about it.
SAP ENABLED
Ah pandering to the illegal voters
FUCK YOURSELF, CASTRO.
WTF speak English
Intersectional pandering.
ALUMINUM BLANKETS
Beto, and warren just seem so damn fake to me... I guess it explains the fake native american and fake mexican shit
Well, that was fun. See you all tomorrow night!!
Democrates - the "I hate America and want to destroy it" party.
Would be funny if they closed with an instrumental version of Ra Ra rasputin
Nicole Wallace is trashing Tulsi right now, "what's up with her talking to Assad?"
The panel is talking as if they just watched thier kid's school play and what they thought of it.
Don’t know how to use reddit and don’t really care. But I love you fuckers.
Gabbard is NOT our girl. She is a sick, marxist individual who wants exactly as AOC does.
They just admitted they had mics in the audience to make the applause seem louder...
Warren: I was born a poor black child of a sharecropper's son....
Will the Reddit commie fucks allow this discussion?
SpezIsACuckSpezIsACuckSpezIsACuckSpezIsACuckSpezIsACuckSpezIsACuckSpezIsACuckSpezIsACuckSpezIsACuckSpezIsACuckSpezIsACuckSpezIsACuckSpezIsACuckSpezIsACuckSpezIsACuckSpezIsACuckSpezIsACuckSpezIsACuckSpezIsACuckSpezIsACuckSpezIsACuckSpezIsACuckSpezIsACuckSpezIsACuckSpezIsACuckSpezIsACuckSpezIsACuckSpezIsACuckSpezIsACuckSpezIsACuckSpezIsACuckSpezIsACuckSpezIsACuckSpezIsACuckSpezIsACuckSpezIsACuck
Free wampum for everyone!
Latinx!!!! Looooolll
Elizabeth Warren said that private prisons only affect black and Hispanics. Ok, thanks racists!
Wait a minute, they said the economy was wonderful under Obama. Now it's objectively better and they want to say everyone is hurting. LOL
Pandering like never before lmao
This motherfucker speaking Spanish...what a tool.
Wow Beto just earned some good boy points
I think I just tuned into the Mexican debates =/
all them watching beto when he spoke Spanish " that son of a bitch"
Welcome to the Panderlympics 2019
What exercises can I do to get chin muscles like Booker???
Booker.... the economy is not helping people IN DEMOCRAT CONTROLLED CITIES
I’m picking 10 losers on the stage right now
It's already against the law to pay women less.

Next question.
Do we get to fact check the moderators and the questions.

**GENDER PAY GAP DOES NOT EXIST.**
Equal Pay Act was passed 50+ years ago.
This is biggest crowd Deblasio ever seen

HAHAH
"break up corporations that don't serve our democracy"

that's some high level commie shit - just like commie af reddit
You telling me the fucking CEO of McDonald’s should make the same as a burger flipper?
We're unsubbing from all subs except TD. If enough pedes do it reddit will know we mean business, pass it on!
Who the fuck are these people?
It’s obvious at this moment that Warren is the favorite.
here we go. eat each other alive.
Deblasio trying to Trump Beto 😂
This guys talking too much sense right now, so he’s out
Grandpa's drunk again yelling at Beto.
They can't talk for more than 3 seconds without breaking into a rehearsed speech
Tulsi be my nurse 


WHERES JOE BIODEN???
[In April, the unemployment rate for women hit 3.4 percent, the lowest women’s unemployment rate in nearly 66 years. #DemDebate](https://twitter.com/trumpwarroom/status/1144054519468318720?s=21)
Wtf are they doing?!?! They keep trying to one up each other and make it all about them LOL it's like a feeding frenzy tank!!! LOLOL
Yay murdering babies!!
They were all jumping over each other to kill the babies! Sickening!
Wait government funded abortion for trannies? How many people does that affect 3?
So trans people should have the right to have abortions too? Is that what I just heard?
IF YOURE TRANS WOMAN YOU CANT HAVE AN ABORTION
That dem who said private healthcare is good lmao holy shit
##WOOOOOOOOOO .005% OF THE POPULATION NEEDS BETTER HEALTHCARE THAN THE HATED MAJORITY!!!!




##WOOOOOOOO!!!!
Booker always looks like he's constipated...
[Cory Booker should have raised his hand when asked if he would ban private health insurance. He's a co-sponsor of Bernie Sanders' legislation which does just that](https://twitter.com/timmurtaugh/status/1144055874211799040?s=21)
What a shitshow!
Lmao nbc live stream is at 6.2 k likes 8.2k dislikes
O'Rourke shows video of how he helped smuggled humans into the US. Take a seat ..
Can reddit quarantine democrats for threatening violence against unborn children
[💝😘@kayleighmcenany😘💝](https://twitter.com/kayleighmcenany/status/1144053287395778560):  
>Amy Klobuchar has either been napping through the @realDonaldTrump presidency or is intentionally lying.  

>THE TRUTH about drug pricing:

>-- Consumers SAVED $23 billion last year in prescription drugs, first time we've seen decreases like this in DECADES!
lol cory booker is a joke
Female trans right to choose lol
Spartacus can habla, too!
No way, Booker is speaking Spanish too!!!!
Dafuq with all the español all of a sudden? Miami still in the estates last time I checked.

Spez - Corey Booker = Corono Librererro.
I really hope all of this Spanish-speaking backfires and turns off the moderates.
Julian Castro, talking with a Spanish accent when he admits he can’t speak Spanish!! Lulz!

I am bilingual and a PROUD Republican!
Alex Jones closed captioning [Speaking Foreign Language] 

LOL !
Someones gotta make a meme with Corey Bookers creepy lizard eyes.
this primary is just going to boil down to who rolls their rs the best, isn't it...
Hahha okay, Corey Booker speaking Spanish was enough for me.. these guys are pandering whores, how could anyone take this seriously, let alone think it is somehow profound and relevant
No, immigrants didn't create their misery - **socialism** did. You know, that shit you're trying to peddle.
Speak in...motherfucking English. Stop disrespecting your fucking country.
This is the funniest shit I’ve seen all week
I can't imagine how black voters must feel about the Democratic party. Nothing for hundreds of years and now it's like they  never existed and as if Mexicans were the slaves.

Man this guy really wants to push his one legislation because he's feeling left out.
I find it hard to believe that these leftists would be so concerned about illegal aliens if they thought they would vote for Trump.


One party cares about illegal aliens and the other party cares about Americans and it shows here.
I have never seen so much hatred for the USA on one screen.
Seriously does any Hispanic or native Spanish speaker buy this shit? "Oh oh that guy said a canned phrase in my language he's so relatable!!"
[Now Democrats are for OPEN BORDERS! These debates are great, the American people can now see how far left the candidates are.   If these policies were implemented millions of foreigners would flood our system and overwhelm public services. They are disconnected from reality!](https://twitter.com/parscale/status/1144059402628075520?s=21)
"We need illegals to work in our fields and factories"
[💝😘@kayleighmcenany😘💝](https://twitter.com/kayleighmcenany/status/1144058081673908224):  
>So let's get this straight, Democrats want to encourage illegal immigrants to take the dangerous journey north where...

>* 1/3 of women are sexually assaulted
* 70% are victims of violence 
* some even tragically lose their lives 

>That's compassion at the #DemDebate!
#FREE HEALTHCARE FOR ILLEGALS.  ANOTHER BINGO POINT!
the dirty diaper strategy? winning?
Anyone seen Corey Booker blink yet? We’re like 40 mins in.
If you argue more benefits to illegal migrants you will get more illegal migrants.
Where in the US code is being mentally ill a crime?
HOW ABOUT PEOPLE STOP BREAKING THE FUCKING LAW.
Booker tries so hard to be Obama it's sad.
This shit is so cringe, I couldn't deal with watching Beta translate for himself, it seems so racist how focused they are on skin 100% of the time.
None of them have a real direction they want to lead the country in. It's all entirely reactionary against Trump or against capitalism.
 this is a train wreck

dems have jumped the shark
I’m so glad there’s tomorrow night and many more

I haven’t laughed this hard in years
They want to beg Iran for a nuke deal???????
I feel sorry for people watching who actually take this seriously.
Tulsi is almost sexy. Almost
what did he give to China? He's been attacking them for a year now? How do you declare war through twitter... Are world leaders 14 year old freshman girls?
Tulsi is the best dem.  She's still dumb as shit, but the best dem.  It's not a high bar to clear.
Madcow incoming. As if they couldn't lose any more credibility.
At least the moderators are pointing out they aren't getting answers to their questions

It's mostly "My father went through \_\_\_\_"

"Well my father went through \_\_\_\_"

"We should eat rich people"
Honestly just listening to how fast they're all trying to talk to say as much as possible within 30 seconds is exhausting in its own right.

We need some more slow talking Southerners to even this shit out a little bit.
Someone tell Tulsi Gabbard that she forgot to dye the other side of her hair
They’re bringing out the clowns now! This’ll get pretty interesting when Senorita Maddie tries to talk about Russia in Spanish to Beto and Booker as Warren and Klobuchar look around blankly and De Blasio shouts to try and raise his poll numbers by raising his voice!
Junior:

[Clown show 🤡](https://twitter.com/donaldjtrumpjr/status/1144061527537967104?s=21)
"I will be bold.  Without the bold"
But really guys...trust fake news polls.
Y’all notice that one chick from Hawaii went silent when asked about Iran’s proxy terrorist groups?  The democrats have no plan to deal with Iran they plan to just pass on the buck
NBC amateur hour.
Lmao clown world production cant manage the mics properly.  Epic Fail
CLown world
LMAO! From an obvious ShareBlue Troll on Twitter

“Warren is just using this debate to figure out who her VP will be”
Hot mikes = laughs for everyone!
They're not sending their best
This is what happens when you hire a sound engineer on political affiliation instead of qualifications
Lmaooooooo their sound guy needs to learn to code
These people are absolute morons.
What a shit show lol... MSNBC amateur hour
Stop the hammering."I'll go down to the goddman floor myself to stop it. Stop the fucking hammering."
RUSSIA HACKED THE MICS!!!!!
What were they saying on mic?  Was anyone able to make it out?
Break Guy : If you flip states Trump won, you'll win the election

Give this man a raise!
They should all be required to wear jackets with the logos of their biggest donors. Like NASCAR
Clown 🤡 Show
Our President is in a big league of his own..
I hope some audio engineers can segment that audio and dial it in for us so we can hear all their shit-talking.
Jesus fuck

I want to watch my comedy without interruptions NBC
#SHALL NOT BE INFRINGED!
Kids die in gun free zones. Democrats want to do for America, what they did to Chicago.
@realDonaldTrump

.@NBCNews and @MSNBC should be ashamed of themselves for having such a horrible technical breakdown in the middle of the debate. Truly unprofessional and only worthy of a FAKE NEWS Organization, which they are!

LOL
Booker don't know what an AR15 is
Beto spanish is so bad that i thought he was speaking Portuguese. The pandering is so bad that i waiting for someone to whip out the hot sauce...
I wouldn't be surprised if one of these douchers pulled out a gun and shot themselves in the leg just to say they're a gun shot victim

So desperate for attention
 Cory Booker is like a gangster Ice Cube, after Ice Cube did Are We There Yet.
The hell we are...
Living in a Liberal shithole city, you hear many gunshots!!
Someone is delusional.... Democrat pres house and senate!?!? Lol
Beto tells us gun owners what’s what. He knows how I feel
Corey Booker has killed a male prostitute with his bare hands. Change my mind.
Maddow: Congressman Dulaney, I'll give you some time in a moment.

No she won't.
Bruhhhhhh de blasiso is dumber than I thought
My son Token
Poor guy he needs sympathy for raising a black son. What a burden.
My black son

He's coming to stay

My black son

He's making eaccccchhh dayyyyyyyyy

The best that he can

Also he's a ninja!
MY BLACK SON
All this debate has done is get me to buy $500 worth of MAGA hats from the official Trump store...  ¯\\_(ツ)_/¯
My son Dante lol
They're squashing Delaney like a bug. He opposed Medicare4All and so they're refusing to go back to him.
We are a REPUBLIC, Warren. Dumbass
Bill de Blasio: Democratic Party is acting like the party of elites.

At least he was honest there.
“MY WIFE’S BLACK SON!”
My plan for Mitch McConnell ____________

_________
——
——

1) dem majority somehow
2) fight
3) peeepulll

Please clap
Cory Booker is kind of funny. He can't hide his facial expressions when someone is making a batshit crazy proposal.
> I love all people except for those uppity white people - Democrats
Delaney is trying to position himself as the normal Democrat candidate. No one else is competing in that arena.
🤡 show
Race card, check 

Mention of slavery, check 

Hood life, check
Miami under water !! The sky is falling ! The sea is rising ! 

GO FUCK YOURSELVES YOU CLOWNS !

Why does anyone believe these dumb asses.
I think Cuck Todd is ready for the head shave.
Miami is underwater?  Huh?

Does he realize they are IN Miami???
> ##**"MUH BLACK PEOPLE GIB ME VOTES" - democRATS**
1st hour of Dem debate: entertainment value of 8/10.
2nd hour of Dem debate: entertainment value: snore.
I'm not some political genius, but even my pea brain has realized an absolute certainty:

In the most eloquent way I know how to say it, every single one of these fools are just dumb as fuck.
WTF AM I EVEN WATCHING. WAS IT THIS BAD ALL ALONG??? I CANT BELIEVE I USED TO BE A DEMOCRAT
An Executive Order forcing the U.S. into an international agreement LOL.
>We've got to change the center of gravity of the democratic party from being coastal, and illegal, um er elitist

Freudian slip
This lady just looks like a straight bitch to deal with.
Huh?   Tulsi served?   
   
She hasn’t mentioned it every time she says anything.
Lol trans African Americans... 2020 trump confirmed!
Corey Booker helped stage the Jussie Smollet exercise to get his shitty lynching bill through. Digest that
African American trans americans..... the 0.0000000000000000000000001%
Someone please dig up the statistics for how many African-American trannies there are please. Lol.
This is such a shit show - this is the biggest red pill. Watching this many seagulls squark there talking points is just such an embarrassment to the Democratic Party. 

All the virtue signalling, the doubling down on their PC bullshit. The Dems are memeing themselves.
Richard Maddow trying to sink the white Minnesota candidate with a race baiting question.

They say they don't see color but it's all they see.
"apprehended by police without incident"

lowkey shot fired at Beto
Ugly Lady: "Mr. Castro, you are the only Latino American running for President here."

Beto O'Rourke: \*cries\*
Dude in front row yawning up a storm lol
Tulsi is far and away the only one who comes across as even semi-reasonable.
Attack Russia if they interfere with our elections. Got it.
Speaking a foreign language was the most cringe worthy moment on TV, ever.
Ryan is ready to go to war for a drone? Bill Kristol found his candidate.
##DID HE JUST SAY NO GENOCIDE WITHOUT CONGRESSIONAL APPROVAL!?!
This Hawaii person is the only one who has impressed me.
Trump and Russia are colluding!

Ignore the fact that Trump and Russia disagree on China, Iran... Cuba... Venezuela... North Korea... basically everything
This debate is actually worse than I was expecting
Barr.. Destroy these fucking people
Man I thoughtBeto was going to impeach Trump on his first day as president.
This has to be a joke.

None of those losers have a chance.
[deleted]
Beto needs to go backstage and adjust his chastity cage.
Mitch McConnell stop all the back up paper ballotts???? You mean your dead person ballotts???
these mother fuckers are talking about revenge now because they gonna lose again.
Can’t quarantine us. “Life, uh, finds a, uh, a way.” Chef Goldblum
Tomorrow should be exciting, Communism served on a platter by Bernie.
“Closing now? Oh okay” these freaking people
"getting america working again"

Cool - you ripped off Trump. Garbage
these guys suck im just about done here. thanks for the karma pedes. TRUMP 2020
Lol the technical problems they had. N they are so awful talking about impeachment n interferance. Google does 1 million times more interferance then any foreign meddling there could possibly be. N all this talk about climate change when asia n africa pollute more then a 100 times wut we do
[deleted]
Unions are just an excuse for mediocre workers
*source* I'm a proud non union electrician
Man they really want those blue collar democrats back. Not gonna happen
🤡show
Everyone I know here in the middle class is doing a lot better. The family owned business I work for was able to hire double our employees and we are bringing in at least 10x the revenue of last year.  

We are also a debt free company so profits are up as well.  We started paying bonuses to everyone in the company and we are also paying the highest wage in our city for our industry to our employees.    Half our company are "Legal" immigrants and they are doing better than ever!  The economy is doing extremely well for small business.
lol he mentioned the tent city... don't you know your supposed to NEVER mention california in democratic debates. just count on the votes and ignore the failure because its the closest thing they have to what they want all across the country
President of Mexico?
Gabbard is the only one that SLIGHTLY impressed me.
I'm just glad Gabbard didn't say "Aloha" this entire debate. That's a major feat.
Trump is literally going to eat anyone of these alive, even Gabbard, who I slightly like after tonight.
Atleast Booker can look at both cameras at once, I'll give him that.
Concrete floors and aluminum blankets... still talking about that Obama picture.
Robert must not have heard, that picture he referenced was taken under 0bama.
Why the fuck is that idiot Julian Castro speaking in Spanish? Those who don't speak English (even though having been here for generations) are watching this same debate in Spanish on Telemundo.

These clowns don't realize how much breaking out in Spanish only to pander to that demographic really rubs we true Americans the wrong way.
My dream was to be an Indian
##POW. WOW. CHOW.
Her dream was to raid Americans on the Oregon Trail.
I had a dream that Elizabeth Warren wouldn't rip off MLK and the Cherokee in the same lifetime
Im far more worried about what the deep state has planned for 2020 than for these Clowns!
We're gonna need a bigger clown car!  
See you brave pedes at tomorrow's debate
Lol Davey Klobachar calling Beto a woman was so funny "three women up here" - looks at Beto. Lmao
A bunch of dumb dorks. how do i say this in Spanish?
Be sure to come back tomorrow night, when I will be taking a shot every time an audience member, moderator, or fellow candidate fails to suppress their laughter during or after a Marianne Williamson response.
OH MAN THE WAY YOU CALLED HIM OUT ON BEING A MAN RATHER THAN ACTUALLY STATING WHAT YOU'VE DONE BECAUSE YOU HAVEN'T DONE ANYTHING WOW, YES, AMAZING, I BELIEVE THE KIDS ARE SAYING YASS SLAY GWEEN, WOWZERS!
Lol what a pandering piece of shit.
WHAT THE FUCK?!?!?!?!? IS HE SPEAKING SPANISH!!!! THAT FUCKIN CUCK?!
Just lost all respect for Gabbard. What a sellout. Wants back in the Iran nuclear deal again? Her red line for war with Iran is if they literally bomb our troops?  Up until then, no matter how much they violate the deal, all's cool?

Gabbard, you sad poor sell out.
Tulsi flashing her boobs will give her more coverage than her just standing there
Ah, Delaney. He won't call for impeachment and now he's being booed. The Democrats are so far left that he sounds like a Republican.
Tulsi Gabbard sucks. Stop talking about her like she's our friend. She's a socialist moron.  

Full of cringe too. Weirdo
Booker said he lives in a “Black and Brown low income area” is that true?
We're a CONSTITUTIONAL REPUBLIC, Warren. Jesus Christ, these people are just completely retarded.
I wish Elizabeth Warren would fuck off back to the library to read books to children
We will not go quietly into this dark night.
DON'T LET YOUR MEMES BE DREAMS
Yay! Thanks for making a thread! 🙌
Who will be the biggest loser?
Hey friends! I'm on vacation in the lovely state of Arkansas visiting my mom, heard about the quarantine on another site so had to come give my support. I was supposed to mop the kitchen floor tonight but there's another floor mopping session on TV tonight so spending my time with my favorite internet people <3 let the games begin!
That was the cringiest thing I've ever seen. Booker even had a "wtf" look when Beto pulled that shit
Small businesses are suffering? That’s news to me
Booker looking at Beto like he is insane.
Oh no Spartacus just called out Amazon, Bezos is going to make sure he doesn’t see 2020.
Seeing them talk about corporate influence on politics seem so hollow considering what's going on now. So so hollow.
Coming fro Jersey, Booker is a joke
You'll get paid the a same if you do as good a job
Women: Yay, I'll get paid $100k like all my male co-workers!

Employer: We have to fire 3 people so that we can now pay everyone $65k equally. You are all responsible for the work for everyone we just fired now too.
This sub *HAS INCREASED* its high energy in the face of reddit's bullshit.

**And I never doubted that it would.**

#MAGA 2020 

#I LOVE YOU GUYS VETERANS AND NEWBIES ALIKE
Tulsi didn't even come close to answering the question.
Okay this is my first exposure to Bill de Blasio. How the fuck did this guy win a race for mayor of NY?
Sorry I can't, I just can't watch, this is completely a clown show, no one is answering the questions and they are just saying their own rehearsed speeches.  I'm going outside to play with the kids, better use of my time ;)
McDonalds is a franchise, Mr. Governor. Are these ppl forreal?
Who the fuck are half of these clowns? 🤡
ROFL they're saying they'll create jobs. EVERYONE's BACK TO WORK ALREADY YOU NUMBNUTS! Thank you Mr. President.
“It’s not fair that the CEO of McDonald’s makes more than the workers”

Well now I understand why they need to censor us, cheating is their only fighting chance.
Elizabeth Warren, selling herself as a tycoon of industry!! Hahahahahaha!! What a fucking idiot!
How many times are they going to let Fauxcahontas talk?
They're asking Pocahontas the most.  Beta must feel bad
Beto is constantly doing the evil genius thing with his hands.
I liked it better when he was speaking Spanish so I couldn’t understand him.
Senator Warren, what are some holistic ways we can heal Americans?  What sort of dances do you recommend for cancer? And, do you think maize is will help with this rash?
Aborted babies have also visited a doctor only once in their life
TL,DW:                
FREE SHIT FREE SHIT FREE SHIT                     
ORANGE MAN BAD ORANGE MAN BAD ORANGE MAN BAD
Beto...who pauses...like he...is a robot.
I miss Jim Webb
This guy's actually pretty good.
"Try not to hog time"

Literally everyone hogs time
What is gabbard even saying right now? they cant even form an idea that makes sense... She just said no american should be sick 5 times... Wow!!
Gabbard is well spoken and put together. She's the only one that has an aura of knowing what she's talking about.
Booker can you please put your eyeballs back in your skull it's starting to frighten me.
Yaaaasss kween! Women for ending the life of the unborn.
Yeah women can do whatever they want with their body, why tf should the govt pay for it FUCK OUTTA HERE!!
I KILL BABIES FASTER

NO I KILL BABIES FASTER

~Dems
Abortions for everyone!!
MUH TRANS RIGHTS!
WTF is reproductive justice???
Castro: Trans female having the right to choose--how does that work?  Wouldn't they be biologically male?
TRANS WOMEN NEED ABORTIONS!!!! DEMOCRATS WINNING 2020 IN LANDSLIDE
Now this is getting WOKE

Thank you, Juan! Kill more kids! Wonderful idea! You'll certainly win over the center left with that argument!
Wtf reproductive justice...just making phrases up now.

He literally said a "trans woman" specifically also needs to have the right to choose...how the fuck does a woman without a uterus get to choose whether or not to have an abortion.
TRANS ABORTIONS. I'm for this.
Good Lawd pedes, this is like watching a monkey tying to fuck a football.
That Asian dude just said he wants healthcare to pay for men to have abortions... wtf!?
Beto is a minor league grifter. Totally out of his league with these career frauds lol
Hey my dudes, did I mention I can skate? Hang ten!
LOL - Alex Jones livestream makes me so happy
What. A. Shit. SHOW!  

I wish Alex Jones was a moderator so he could call them out.
this is so fucking pathetic. it's a contest to see who can virtue signal the most.
Holy fucking shit.  How the hell does a trans woman need access to a right to choose?   Does Castro know being pregnant requires a uterus?
Did they just advertise that the real debates are tomorrow?
Women. **cheers**

Trans **cheers**

Abortion **cheers**

I yield my time.
#HOY
Oskar Marrrrtinez dyed 

HOy!!

HoseA

Undocumented chillruns

Be pissed offf

Swim Oskar and Baleria dyed
They literally said trans women should have access to abortions......

#TRANS WOMEN ARE BORN MEN
Sucks that ppl drowned, but how is that our responsibility?
More Spanish pandering. Are we at the Spanish tipping point?
How do you say ‘Pandering Asshole’ in Spanish?
This is the cringiest shit I've ever seen
Booker out-latinoed the latinos
lmao 

why the fuck is everyone talking spanish
Spartacus is alive! When is Pocahontas turn to speak spanish\`? Ay caramba
I'm falling behind because MY TAXES ARE TOO HIGH YOU DUMB FUCK
I can’t wait for the legendary 100million votes to trump next year
Sorry Blassio but wages have been down thanks to illegal immigration, not corporations.

Fuck you
Everyone on this stage is 1%.
Como se dice pandering?
Why do I need a fucking translator to watch this debate?
I'm going to vomit.
We’re up to 10k dislikes on live stream bois
"Invest in solutions in Central America"

No.
Lol this makes me laugh because whenever someone speaks Spanish you can tell half the candidates can't understand what's being said so they look completely lost. It's funny.
Whoever told Robert to open in Spanish is a moron
Who the fuck is watching this that needs 5% Spanish
[🔥 @TrumpWarRoom 💥](https://twitter.com/TrumpWarRoom/status/1144057894163374080):  
>During Joe Biden’s first two years as Vice President, 785 migrants died attempting to cross the border illegally, 204 more than during President Trump’s first two years. 

>Where was Democrats' outrage then? #DemDebate
How long before they ditch undocumented and start calling them Angel Immigrants?
It's basically a contest on who can open their asshole wider get be fucked by illegals
If it’s no longer a crime to cross the border illegally that’s how terrorism happens
No borders. Check.

These people have no idea what America believes. They're in a total bubble.
#Hombre de naranja malo
#WE'VE REACHED OPEN BORDER TERRITORY.  THEY ARE ALL IN AND FINALLY PUBLIC ABOUT WANTING OPEN BORDERS.
#"WE NEED CHEAP FOREIGN LABOR!"
Democrats — FUCK THE LAW
They cant even say it is illegal to cross our border... this is a fucking clown world
This moderator chick is actually not doing too bad of a job.
This is painful to watch. I can just imagine the other candidates thinking "hey he stole my exact talking point"
Let’s move all of our doctors to the borders and not take care of citizens.  Are they serious.
Too many white people on stage here tonight. I can't support racists. All white people are racist.
Is Booker going to actually answer a question or is he going to just keep shouting "values!"?

The moderator literally just said that Booker has failed to answer a question
Who is a US Traitor??

-*All raises hands*-
They think they can win this election by arguing for more illegals and more refugees?   
   
They are so fucked.
So killing babies, open borders, free healthcare for illegals, give terrorists money, drive companies out of our country

LIBERALISM IS A MENTAL DISORDER
She was crying!!!! lol
Crazy Cory Booker is trying to copy AOC's eye expressions.
Join us on 6-26 & 6-27 to kickoff the hottest event of the summer..Pander Fest 2019!
She’s fantasizing of GEOTUS in his bathrobe
A regional w w w w w war - Tonsils Gabananna
"I would have given Iran even more pallets of cash." 

Sincerely, Every Democrat loser in this debate.
All I hear is FREE FREE FREE Everything!
Lmao "Put the American people first.....by giving Iran money and  an easy path to nuclear weapons." Makes sense!
2019 and we have commercials during nominee debates....
These numbers came right out of their asses
I wonder how fucking snarky mad cow can be tonight? this should be good.
Here's a question for them... what do you say to American's that don't understand why illegals are going to college for free and they are paying?
c'mon lefties, you cant claim outrage on the border today that you said was a manufactured crisis yesterday.  Also, I have not seen a picture of these "concentration camps" that wasn't from the Obama era.
LOL THANK YOU SOUND GUY
Oh here we go. Time to ban guns!
They can’t even get the fucking sound right. LOW BUDGET. LOW ENERGY. LOW MORAL FIBER.
The mics are still logged what a bunch of clowns
This is amateur hour
Infowars is live streaming live commentary of this - it's fantastic if you're interested.
What a shit show!
That was a Trump Curse
Amateur hour! These surely are the clowns I want in control!
Democrats - can’t even figure out how a fucking mic works 🤡
They can’t even manage a debate. OOOOOOOOF
What a lovely shit show

I'm getting low on popcorn
OMG they were talking shit!!! THIS IS TOO PERFECT
Wins by 70 electoral votes” see how he barely won” -nbc
So the guys that just left aren't even watching?

If they were they would have shut up.

Guess you don't need to watch if you've already read the script.
Broken mics is God punishing them for asking if the federal government should confiscate our guns because they planned to have the debates near Broward county (where so much weird deep state stuff happens)
Is this guy retarded? You flip Michigan, PA, Wisconsin you still fucking lose dumb ass
Is Hillary in the control room tonight?
Food Network should air Jeb!'s Guac Secrets concurrently to this, i'd be tempted to switch and see more energy.
Everyone pray the mics fuk up again
I'm pro concealed carry because MY BODY MY CHOICE
"It's clear who MSNBC wants to be president: Elizabeth Warren. They're giving her more time than all the other candidates combined. They aren't giving any time to Tulsi at all. -V (Tulsi's sister)"

https://twitter.com/TulsiGabbard/status/1144058895863832577?s=19
Pepe leave the mic’s alone
She's done 100 town halls that literally 10's of people came to
SPICY! 🔥🔥🔥

[🔥 @TrumpWarRoom 💥](https://twitter.com/TeamTrump/status/1144064513693630464):  
>Waiting for Rachel Maddow to blame the Russians for this!

>#DemDebate
The hardest question that Elizabeth Warren has gotten since beginning her campaign came from toddlers? Sounds like she's really grappling with the tough issues.
“I hear gun shots in my community” 

No he doesn’t he’s rich he doesn’t live one the slums of the city
Booker needs to move from West Philadelphia to Bel-Air
I'm a dad so we need to take all your guns
This Asian dude is high as fuck
I'm waiting for one of them to literally just say they want to confiscate all guns. Come on, one of them wants to be the hero...
Guns don't scare me.

A Dem WH and Congress truly scares me.
I support all the uh gun stuff. We need uh trauma stuff. And care. And stuff.

Go fuck yourself.
"common sense gun reform"

Fuck you
SHALL NOT BE INFRINGED!!!
###**PSA: We're almost at 760K subs**
WHAT GUN ISN'T DESIGNED TO KILL
Government has no place teaching children how to act. That is our job.
Yup these people want to ban guns
[deleted]
Good lord... If Donald Trump really was as incompetent as the Democrats say, he'd still be miles above these clowns. I'd rather vote for someone that's in a vegetative state than vote for any of these jackasses.
Let’s see if Beto gets another 10 seconds since he didn’t answer the question. .... again
I see no Americans on that stage.
Booker thinks sc is going blue?!?! 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤡🤡🤡🤡
This is like a show from a nightmare, nothing but hideous people in HD with painful voices desperately trying to get a word in.
LOL gay marriage wasn't decided by "kids talking to their parents", it was a supreme court decision!!!
/r/The_Donald subscribers up to 760k!
I'vE bEeN rAiSiNg a bLaCk SoN
Haha. Elizabeth Warren will be our first Native American President.

How do people still believe that?
We get it, msnbc wants Warren to win. The pandering is ridiculous
Essentially my wife’s son. Amazing
Why are they hating on the turtle?  🐢
All they do is pander it’s actually incredible how little substance there is between talking about the color of their children and how they grandparents were separated at the border.
Gotta get this off my chest - Warren is a total hypocrite. She held out support of Bernie last cycle even though she totally supported his policies because she didn’t want to offend Hillary. Can’t get over it.
Pocahontas doesn’t know we’re a Constitutional Republic
"You have to be pansexual to be attracted to objects"

Get it? because pans are objects.
Warren: We are a Democracy.

Send the Dems back to civics class.
IS CORY BOOKER A AFRICAN AMERICAN!???!?!? I CAN'T TELL BY ALL HIS PANDERING?
Demspeak vs. Reality

&#x200B;

America is a Democracy = America is a Constitutional Republic

Undocumented Immigrant = Illegal Alien

Mainstream Media = Fake News
Who is this crooked mouth guy?
Beto = Napolean Dynomite
This moderator has a comb-forward.
What about the flooding on the border of ILLEGAL Aliens!!!
༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ T_D TAKE MY ENERGY ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ
This Debate summarized: How will you sell a shit sandwich to the American people?
#TRUMP PLATFORMS DEMS HAVE STOLEN SO FAR:

Healthcare

Tax Reform

Manufacturing Jobs/Made in America

Pharmaceutical Prices

Opioid Crisis

HELP ME REMEMBER WHO STOLE WHAT.

Booker: Opioid Crisis

Warren: Manufacturing jobs (Made in America)

Booker: Criminal Justice Reform

Beta: Help for our Farmers
Pwerto Reeeco
oh fuck yeah.... i guess todays my cake day. i guess i got lucky that these virtue signaling morons on the stage
Best watch party ever.
This idiot is actually admitting that they're a bunch of failures
The rest of the dems: "nah fuck the flyover areas."
Tim Ryan suggests sanity in Democratic Party . Chuck Todd rushes him off .
Rollback of civil rights protections?  Don't think so.
Good lord this is pathetic
The Hank Hill guy is the only one who I'd hire to run an arbys
WHERE ARE THESE FUCKING LYNCHINGS????
Rachel Maddow: fuck all of you - this is about me
We need to talk more about the African American trans disabled illegal immigrants.
WHAT HAVE YOU DONE ABOUT THE MIDGET BLACK/MEXICAN TRANS CYBORGS WITH MS?
Wake up dude: we have no more "textile communities" in North Carolina.
What have you done for blacks????????????
What in the fuck is Corey Booker talking about?
Subscribers keep going up and up LOL fuck you reddit
Its 2019.  A US senator is unironically talking about transgendered African Americans on a debate stage while running for president....
Uh oh.  She just said Trump works with people to solve issues.  That is verboten
oh shit, they just dissed Beto calling the other guy only latino, lolllll
Secretary Castro as the only Latino running...

Beta:  AHEM!!
Beto looked like he was about to cry
Holy shit the Dems are done.  Can't wait to see the MSM try to spin this fucking clown show!
"i remember my dad...." does this guy have anything else to talk about but his dad?
Rip each other up you fools
Congressional approval for a war then references a WWII vet.. that makes sense.
Blasio talks like he has a huge stick up his butt
Tim Ryan accidentally redpilling people here lmao
[deleted]
Orange man hasn't appointed anyone. NEVERMIND WE CUCKS HAVEN'T LET HIM APPOINT WHO HE NEEDS BECAUSE WE'RE OBSTRUCTIONIST LOSERS!
YOU FUCKS WONT CONFIRM HIS CABINET.
Ryan's murder face lol
As an Ohioan, I would like to apologize for Tim Ryan. We are sorry.
Tulsi once again making sense and speaking from authority and they cannot drop off her fast enough to cut back to this moron Ryan.  Tulsi was *in* the military during a war, while this assclown served on some bullshit committees where defense contractors made his life nice and comfy.
DONT MURDER HIM LIKE THAT TULSI!
BLUMPF IS LE BIGGEST THREAT 🤡
The dumbest answer gets the loudest applause. 

Lol. Dummies.
Di Blasio, the 1980s called. They want their foreign policy back.
Democrats can't figure out what the biggest threat is.

It's their policies.
Deblasio is a fucking dumbass
beto gives me cancer on my cancer
No Collusion - No obstruction
I don't know why they bother, the winner of the debate will be whoever the DNC tells the media to say is the winner. 

Haven't they learned from the last dem presidential primary? (and the leaked emails, of course)
MadCow demands trump be prosecuted
No one is above the law, unless your named Obama or Clinton or worked for them.
Look guys, guys... if you elect me President... orange man bad will pay - Beto and the Democrats
I'll tell you this Rachel, people are sick of hearing about Trump and peach mints.  Let talk about a real fucking issue.
Prosecuting political opponents is okay if Democrats do it. If you think otherwise, you're a Nazi.
While the Dems wax poetic about the coming apocalypse I can only think that William Barr is in his office tonight another step closer to closing in.
I can’t wait for tomorrow night!
Drudge has a poll up. Who are we voting for? LOL
This is a long-ass debate.
That streak in Tulsi's hair reminds me of Jobeth Williams in *Poltergeist* after her character (Diane Freeling) was terrified by some sinister-ass specters.  As if Tulsi were not hot enough, that streak in her hair is just righteous.
GEOTUS is going to sleep well tonight.
Working again? Lol most ppl employed right now than ever before
Please close in Spanish!
[OUCH! Groundhog died week after New York Mayor Bill de Blasio dropped it](https://twitter.com/trumpwarroom/status/1144075887337492486?s=21)
Tim Ryan mentioned homelessness in LA. He will be quietly murdered backstage after this debate.
Ryan started the fire
Dude's right tho. Identity politics is destroying the US.
This is hard to watch because the Dems have went so Left. President Trump is not Left or Right, he's just an American
There are homeless people who can't afford a home! So profound.
New century? The next new century isn’t for 81 years.  
  
Lol.   Vote Gabbard for time travel!
I’m only voting for a dem if they speak Klingon
redacted watch party thread is hilarious. They're eating eachother alive because identity politics doesn't work.
Does booker have colored contacts in?!
Corey “Googly Eyes” Booker
The left: LITERALLY KIDS SLEEPING ON LE FLOORS


Also the left: STOP THE MATTRESSES FROM BEING DELIVERED TO THESE FACILITIES
Annnnnd, Fauxcahontas gets the last word. Who called it?
THEY ALL JOINED THE MILITARY, I JOINED A TRIBE TO GO TO SCHOOL
OMG she had a dream????
Beto talks like POLITICS-BOT-9000.
# I was born in a teepee
Chief Warren: "I had a dream, that ripping off native americans wasn't enough, no. I had a dream that I needed to rip off blacks too."
Stole reparations that was meant for Native Americans.
Goofy Liz: I had to fake being a Native American to get work.
Delaney is the only one with a fucking brain, his closing statement was basically what Trump has been saying for years. MAGA.
These people are fake as fuck, faker than the leftists they represent.
These potatoes have no clue on how to switch voters ... Holy fuck
Pocahontas gave her I have a dream speech.
Someone tell me how the debate has gone
holy shit theyre insane
**TRUMP 2020 #MAGA #KAG**
I'll be voting for the first time in the 2020 election. I like Trump but was willing to give the Dems a chance, and decided to watch this debate and keep an open mind...

&#x200B;

Long story short I'll be voting for Trump
What if Beto just starts talking in a third language that nobody else knows, making it the most inclusive language possible because we're all confused
I'm a pro choice centipede but forcing people who are pro life to sponsor taxpayer funded abortions is fucked
Everytime Warren talks my brain cells commit suicide
Holy fuck, Deleany is talking about let's negotiate, compromise and make a deal.  Won't be popular with Dem crowd.
Warren did the best and still did awful.
So watching the replay now...did Tulsi Gabbard just totally ignore her first question or what? She was one of my hopefuls for a spirited Ron Paul like anti establishment entertainment but came out with a notecard written response rant randomly when directly asked a question about male/female income gap...did she not get a memo or something?
Lets forget about the quarantine and enjoy making fun of them dems!
Red seven standing by
Can't wait for this shitshow. The outrage from redacted will be like music to my ears- one of the most upvoted posts I saw lately was supporting Warren and calling Sanders a sexist pig over his comments toward her

It's amazing how little self-awareness these folks really have
I've got my vodka ready for the show XD
Infowars crew doing live commentary over the stream at www.clownworld.us
TMW Reddit is so scared of T_D they have to censor them during the debates
Elizabeth Warren just said all Black people are criminals
English motherfucker do you speak it?!
Lol this stupid bitch thinks speaking Spanish will help him!! Lmao
Dafuq Beto just started speaking in tongues.
I’m just going to come here for updates because I can’t watch these fucking morons.
5 minutes in and I've already recommended my vote for Trump. 

Thanks, dems!
Less than 10 minutes in and this shit is already nuts
MY GOD BETO IS REALLY TRYING TO GET THE MEXICAN VOTE
90% Taxes para todos.
Tuned in and Beto was speaking Spanish...
[deleted]
Cory Booker out here complaining about drug prices after he voted against Bernie's bill allowing purchase of Canadian drugs. What a tool.
A fun little mini game to play. Switch to live and try to hit the upvote arrows before they off screen.
Democratic Platform : "Every problem you face in life is because of Rich people"
it would be hilarious if AOC was here
Booker turns on Amazon.  Must not have gotten his good boy check.
warren is drunk
"black and brown people"

Are those chocolate flavors?
Warren up here sounding like a wet fart
FREE SHIT!!!!!!!!!!!!!  There, now you don't have to watch this crap.
MUH 77 CENTS
This is fucking pathetic.

They're even worse than I thought they'd be. It's just 100% identity politics pandering,
#FAKENEWS
Julian Castro is stuck in the 1970s. Arguing for the ERA.
pay gender gap is myth
I refuse to watch this garbage. Grateful for your pedes wiling to watch these marxist pieces of shit. Tusli Gabbard might be the only decent human being on the stage and even then she is a leftist retard.
No one applauded for Tulsiiiii looooollll
Tulsi is low key the biggest threat in my opinion. I don't think she'd win but she'd get the closest
Tulsi avoided muh wage gap
Wow I didn't know tulsi gabbard was in the military.  She's never mentioned that before /s
GABBERT IS THE ONLY ONE UP THERE THATS NOT BATSHIT CRAZY
Can you imagine any one of these 10 people debating Trump? 😆
Do all democrats have crazy eyes?
If dems were smart Tulsi is the pick. She'll lose to Trump but she legitimately would be the Dems best choice
Yo I didn't know you could get hash at McDonald's. I'll be right back
I don't understand why Democrats always complain that the CEOs of companies make more than the people doing unskilled entry level minimum wage work for them. I mean... Obviously...
Unions! Woo Hoo. Straight to hell, Inslee.
This clown just made a good point for the Trump campaign
Why is $15 min wage the number these dem's bandy about? Why not $20/hr or $25/hr?
I don’t know who 95% of these people are!
They’re treating Warren like she’s the chief of the tribe....why keep asking her to follow up other’s answers??
Wow! USA based manufacturing... where have I heard that one before?
No shit Lie-Awatha. That’s what Trump is doing🙄
Can't beat Trump. 🤣
Lmao Chief Warren talking like she knows climate change is a fucking scam and how much we should cash in $$$$$
Elizabeth Warren has negative charisma, every time she opens her mouth it sounds like white noise. 

She has the gravitas of a paperweight.
Dem strategy - Rephrase everything that Donald Trump is already working on but claim it as your own.  My god they have nothing.
Imagine being a candidate not named Elizabeth Warren on this stage rn. I'd be furious.
after having a president like Trump that actually accomplishes things, how can anyone take anything these people say seriously? you just know it'll be back to the old routine of getting 1 thing done every 8 years.
Beto is such a dildo
In SPANISH please!
Things that never happened: Beto met a 27 year old with diabetes and glaucoma and would die (from fucking diabetes and glaucoma) in the next 5 years.
LMAO Di Blasio got cucked hard!
Rising healthcare is because of the third party payer effect. The doctors don't care about the price because the government is paying. The government doesn't care about the cost because their spending your tax dollars. More government is not the solution. Allowing price transparency (which Trump just signed an EO about) and opening markets to interstate competition is the solution.
This shit is so funny, god damn dems
Oh hey y'all I am excited we can all be here together to watch this donkey and pony show. How's it going so far?
"FULL STOP"  


Holy shit did this loser actually say it in real life.
Lay off the meth Booker.
It is a contest to see who can promise to give away the most crap.
Im not near a television.. have they started giving out free stuff yet?
No I AM SPARTICUS
is Booker actually from a low income neighborhood? for some reason i just cant see that being true
#Farticus
Hey Cory look straight if you telling the truth.
Corey Booker is 100% on stimulants. Look at those fucking eyes.
"Families come first" except middle class white families - you need to pay for everyone else's family before you can pay for your own
They’re eating each other alive. All talking out of turn trying to be relevant. Shit show central.
"I see your free healthcare and raise you free abortions"
ABORT ME FOR JUSTUSSSS

ASIXN LATINX TRANZZZZ

CILL TRANZ BABIXS
TRANS ABORTIONS BTFO LOLOLOLOL
MEN CAN HAVE BABIES TOO YOU BIGOT GG
Did this fuck just say a trans woman can have a baby. Pretty sure that’s a dude.
What about justice for the unborn?
Um...trans right to choose? They can’t have fucking kids! Lol!
Corey Booker looks like one of the Dinosaur characters from that 1990s ABC sitcom Dinosaurs
Cory Booker, more than anyone else on this stage, is OWNED by big pharma. What a lying piece of shit. He's a good liar, I'll give him that.
Robert is finished
The Dems on stage are saying they’ll do for the middle class what Trump has already done.

They really have nothing
Healthcare is a human right, EXCEPT for unborn babies!
Can’t wait for them to embrace open borders on stage
They wouldn't dare mention China's role in pouring fentanyl into this country.
Trans women have a right to choose. 

What an absolute retard.
Wow! This guy is acting.
"Dying trying to *enter America*"

don't care
"HOY"
Why are the questioners throwing in opinions?

Dafuq?
They are dying! Ooooscarrrrr Marrrrtinez diiiieed! Oooy!
##**THEY HAVE TO GO BACK**
[**20 Times Breitbart Reported on Migrant Deaths During Obama-Biden Years and No One Cared**](https://www.breitbart.com/border/2019/06/26/20-times-breitbart-reported-migrant-deaths-during-obama-biden-years-and-no-one-cared/)
News flash. Dragging your kids across the desert to enter a country illegally is dangerous.
This is so fucking dumb, if anybody votes for this retard shit they’ve got to wake the fuck up
They've convinced me ; let's just take in every person from everywhere in the world whose life isn't as good as the average American.

That won't possibly have any negative effects on our quality of life.
**WHAT THE FUCK IS HAPPENING**
Castro, literal faggot.

Like how he goes into accent.
Why the fuck are they speaking Spanish
#SPANISH SPARTACUS
Did Cory just drop a little something in the Hawaiian babe’s drinks...
wtf he say?
# #LANDSLIDE2020
Now I have seen it all. Did Booker just out Beto Beto?
Senor Booker!
Last I checked, English is the official language.  GTFO with this bullshit.
This is A M E R I C A. We speak English here ese
someone better pander to my Latvian heritage and speak some Latvian
lmao the debate on youtube has more dislikes than likes.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vJ6MrDO0kgY
This Spanish pandering is awful.
None of them are wearing a gay pride pin.
DeBlasio is the fakest of them all.
1% BAD

~ The 1%
Demexico.
Can they stop talking in fucking Spanish?!
Where the subtitles at
lmao wtf is this spanish shit

this is fucking hilarious
I just turned off this debate to fix a toilet full of shit. Somebody dropped a huge load of shit in this toilet. No regrets turning off the debate though. Fixing the toilet is more entertaining imo
>Helped to introduce

So he did nothing.
Lies, lies, lies.... soon they’re gonna say EA is a respectable company
The Dems plan: 

Open borders + social programs and free money for all.  

It won't work.  Will lower wages, drain social services, increase taxes through the rough.  See CA.
THIS IS WHAT WE KNEW WAS GOING TO HAPPEN 

WHO CAN SAY DRUMPF IS BAD THE MOST AND THEN WHO CAN PANDER THE HARDEST
Why these people are illegally cross our border??? Not our fucking problem dude we're the USA not United States of Venezuela
Alex Jones's spanish vocabulary only consists of spanish food and alcoholic drinks
Does anyone on this fucking stage want to run for the President of the UNITED STATES?! Fucking tired of hearing what these clowns want to do for non-US citizens.
#I won't believe any of this until someone cries.
Bald stocky white guy speaks the most logic so far, but that's only because he basically laid out trump's campaign.
These people have no clue what most Americans want.
Wtf am I watching? It's like a contest to prove who has the smallest dick
hahahahah what in the fuck is happening I couldn't have scripted something more insane than proposing open borders for illegal immigrants
I agree, America needs immigrants. Just not illegal immigrants.
Watching this reminds me of why I stopped caring about politics before 2016. Every single one of these ppl are snakes who you can't trust further than you can throw.
Did she just say they need immigrants to work the fields? lol
"should it be a crime to illegaly cross the border"

???
This is great actually, everyone is afraid to speak any reason and they just keep going farther and farther left even as they continue to babble on.
"Boring!"  - The most truthful thing said tonight.
We want legal immigrants. Just follow the process, come here and become American. I really hate that they've somehow convinced their people the only options are you either hate all immigrants or you want open borders
Oh man, this white guy is desperately trying to avoid saying yes it should be illegal. He might miss out on the Mexican vote!
Also laying out their plan clear as day: immigrants deserve healthcare before you do.
FREE DIAPERS FOR MEXICO
Immigration isn't illegal you retard
[But let’s also remember several things. It was Democrats who, for months, denied there was a crisis at all. These same candidates for the Dem nomination were wall-to-wall on cable TV saying the obviously terrible situation wasn’t real.](https://twitter.com/timmurtaugh/status/1144059752168734720?s=21)
#go and change diapers you shitlords
Notice...right now it's ALL about how they are going to help the ILLEGALS...nothing about US citizens that are homeless or vets, or our disabled.  Nope...just the what we are going to do to help illegals over our citizens.
None of these people have a chance.
When are we going to talk about American issues? Is this is the illegal immigrant debate?? FFS
#M u S l i M B a N
Who is more Full of Shit: an alleged infant whose diaper hasn’t been changed in weeks OR Literally everyone on stage
That idiot tried to sneak in that his father was separated when he came to America oh my God
“Muh Muslim ban”
Who are some of these people lol
Yes Iran just started being hostile last week Corey you fucking idiot
They blame Trump for problems they created
Lol you know when immigration increases?  
When the economy is doing well cause there are jobs to be had.
Lmfao - "yes it was." who the fuck whispered that? Booker?
What is there to say? "Hey, Iran? Want another 150 billion dollars to do a better job of hiding your nuclear shit?"
Alex Jones is hilarious. He's killing the live commentary LMAO

EDIT: Here's the link - https://clownworld.us/
Fuck I looked directly in Booker’s eyes, and now I can’t stop losing weight.
What's fucked up is I'd rather picture Trump in a bath robe than the comb eater
War = good when dems in power

War = bad when not
Booker: I'd negotiate a better deal.

Klobuchar: I'd not have left the deal and negotiated a better deal when it was made.

Gabbard: pandering to military service, doesnt answer the question, then finally admits she'd rejoin it and make a better deal.

Literally every answer is a mime of what Trump is actively doing.
By the end of the year they will have multicolored hair between all of them.
Yeah, well, being the President is a 24/7 position. Even at 5 AM.
Drink if they say "literal" and drink if they speak in Spanish. Try not to die of alcohol poisoning.
TBH, the Dims are super disappointed GEOTUS did NOT start an Iranian war
God deblasio is a greasy salesman.  With your money get some damn teeth whitening you drunk
Tulsi says Obama fucked up the Iran deal!!! neener!
Thank God these people are not in charge of our foreign policy.
ROFL Tulsi finished her statement with MAGA America first
Trump would crush any of these people in  a debate
Is this real life?
Tulsi is a nazi REEEEEEEEE
Oh, good, Madcow is coming. That dude is always sad to watch.
And now your micro-dose of leftist propaganda!
[🐸 @parscale 🐸](https://twitter.com/parscale/status/1144060970404405248):  
>Democrats just don’t get it!

>If a for profit company can operate something better and more affordable while making money it is better for those served, its community, and the government’s budget. 

>They simply don’t see, what the government operates costs more and does less!
If you think this is bad just remember this is the debate with the second tier candidates.
So honestly who could come out of this? Warren? Lol. She would get raked over the coals against daddy Donald. It might actually be painful to watch.
Trump 2020 is a gaurantee
There is no liberal on stage, all far progressives. Thanks DNC
##**SHALL NOT BE INFRINGED**
Cory Booker looks like a Ferengi. Change my mind.
LOL GET IT TOGETHER MSNBC
Oh, wow! Guns & climate! Yup, this is def democrat debate lol
TRUMP IS MESSING WITH THE MICS
Lmaooo
Amateur hour portion of the debate. HAHA JK that's the entire debate.
The Benny Hill theme should be the intro and outro music
HahahahahahababBBabB the Democrats cant even run a debate... how will they run a country
I havent heard one tough question imposed on these candidates..not one!!
Is that Chuck Todd, the sleepin' son of a bitch ?
We purposely put this debate 17 miles from a previous school shooting, it just all worked out perfectly
High quality reporting:

can't even make microphones work
🤡🌎
LMAO technical difficulties. It's a sign
What a literal and metaphorical shitshow. 

"QUICK CUT TO MORE FAKE ASS POLLS"
The Alex Jones stream is hilarious, haha!
You’ll surely die if you’re playing a drinking game to this debate. That is, if the tax cuts didn’t already get you.
THESE PEOPLE WANT US TO TRUST THEM WITH OUR HEALTHCARE LOL
Rachel Maddows is so cringy
oh the suspense!

how will they take away our guns?
These clowns can’t fucking figure out how to turn a mic off!
Clowns can’t even get their circus right
Senator Warren, back to the question. Will you take guns?
"We need to fight for our children so they can grow up to get free abortions".
Sounds like you need to do a better job running your neighborhood
 Booker confusing his life with boyz in da hood lol
Did Warren just say hundreds of kids were getting killed in playgrounds by guns? lolwut
[deleted]
i love each and everyone of you
he looks like hes been traumatized by the Don
GOVERNMENT RAISING CHILDREN?
Yay!  Mental health care.  First real answer i've heard.
Trauma based care in every school?

Someone shake Tim Ryan out of his stupidity.
How about we red flag the FBI who always know about the shooters?
Why no questions about Russia and Mueller?
*assault weapons*

*weapons of war*

*battlefield weapons*

looks at 1994 assault weapons ban
Count the American Flags boys and girls. I see one. One little flag on a lapel .

#SAD.
**Driving is not in our Constitution.**

Dipshit Booker.
It's all about POWER to these psychopaths.
Populated blue states are where the large majority of mass shootings happen... And they have required license and strict laws. Explain that booker mans
MY BLACK SON
Oh god. Is he really playing the blacks and police card?
He's raising his wife's son! A perfect Dem!
Deblasio came with the "Dems suck" line tonight

Its such BS
[🔥 @TrumpWarRoom 💥](https://twitter.com/TrumpWarRoom/status/1144066078383005696):  
>President Trump signed the STOP School Violence Act into law. [It](https://www.washingtonexaminer.com/opinion/op-eds/betsy-devos-how-the-omnibus-spending-law-makes-schools-safer) "helps protect our nation’s youth and educators by providing grants to state and local governments for evidence-based violence prevention training."
Blasio - FUCK WHITE COPS
Sounds like pocahontas has been hitting the peace pipe too often.
Bat........shit........cray cray
Dems: YEAH BUT HOW MUCH SPANISH CAN YOU SPEAK AND HOW MANY BLACK KIDS DID YOU ADOPT AND HOW MANY TRANNY ABORTIONS ARE YOU GOING TO HAVE?
They havent won the White House yet and they're talking about a potential Democrat house and Senate too...
One question for Warren, one for [other candidate],

another for Warren, another for [other candidate],

and so on.
NYPD officers fucking hate DeBlasio... he just accused them of being a danger to his “son Dante”. What a giant tool
She just said a whole lot without saying anything at all. The turtle would crush her.
Warren is energizing absolutely no one (Except crazy cat ladies and purple-haired feminists)
Will there be some youtube clips of some of these funny moments? Couldn't bring myself to watch anymore.
"Can we hear the plan to deal with Mitch?"  
"I can't give away that plan. You have to elect me first."
I like Delaney
This crazy lunatic from Minnesota doesn't like answering the question.
Lol it's been a shit show so far. NBC audio problems and all of them stepping over each other to desperately answer 😂
muh black son.
Booker will find a way to bring his boy t bone into this.
"Could be underwater in our lifetimes." 😂😂😂😂😂
MIAMI WILL BE ATLANTIS! send us your money care of the DNC pls
These fuckers would destroy America in a matter of months if elected. Very scary.
[deleted]
muh climate.

I look forward to the coasts drowning.
These people are nuts except for Tulsi.
#MUH SEA LEVEL RISE!
Cocaine Mitch is laughing..... all the way to 2020.
Miami has flooding issues because they don’t do anything against coastal erosion.
I'm born and raised in Miami, we don't have serious flooding down here. Even during hurricanes the water goes down fast.
Why are all these candidates being asked how they'll handle Mitch McConnel?  Did I miss the part where they talk about actual policies?

&#x200B;

Warren's answer was nothing for her 30 seconds.  We have to push from the outside and keep working from 2020 to 2021!

&#x200B;

While getting very angry and animated.

&#x200B;

Booker's was worse.  When I got to the Senate as an African American...
Beta's eyes are all watery like he's high.
the last chance for the 1000th time
Vote for us, otherwise the planet will die!
[deleted]
Congressman Castro: Who pays for the mexican diapers?
Beto trying to talk like Obama.  What a fucking loser.
Celsius?!
NBC Logic: Why should we bailout cities below sea level?

Also NBC Logic: We should give illegals free diapers, free food, free supplies, free everything

#honk

#honk
Castro went FULLO ACCENTO when pronouncing "Puerto Rico" but not "San Antonio."
Spanish AND Celsius!
Listen to them all argue for a recession
Robert Francis has Fish Lip Syndrome
#We need to meme Trump saying, "I already did that" to all the points the Dems are trying to steal.
“We can’t price carbon”

*yet* - George Soros
Elital.
Suddenly it's a white-man-splaining party.
So how exactly are gay people under threat? Besides Islam. They just had an ENTIRE MONTH of waving flags.
You can tell they want Gabbard to go away.  One of the hardest questions on a non issue
FUCK! SHE FORGOT THE + AND Q IN LGBT

&#x200B;

CRUCIFY HER!
TransAmericans?????
the lynching of trans-african-americans who identify as shemales is a problem we're just not focusing enough on!
We get it booker, you're black.  omg
protect LGBTQ individuals....including Corey Booker.
muh trans african americans
All they can do is pander, offer "free stuff", and fear monger.
CMON MAN.   NO BLACK PEOPLE ARE GETTING LYNCHED TODAY.  SLAVERY DID NOT END 30 MINUTES AGO.
Someone forgot to tell Booker that Jussie faked that lynching
Did anyone else catch what madcow just said? She said the Asian looking guy is the only latino running. BETO BTFO BY A MAN-LADY
Guy in front row yawning.  lol.
LOL GUY YAWNING BEHIND LESTER!!!
Tamir Rice pointed a fake realistic gun a police officer when they said to drop it.......How is that the cops fault?
Latiños - Panderiń Cástró
I wonder if they say Italian names like that. Or German names. Or French. Or Chinese. Etc.

They sure love employing their faux-Spanish accents when it comes to Spanish names.
Jesus Christ who are these absolute losers
The way dems try to make certain demographics seem so weak and sensitive seems kind of insulting to those people.
i want trump to speak russian at the debate for the russian american minority
つ ͠° ͟ ͟ʖ ͡°つ l o w e n e r g y d e m s つ ͠° ͟ ͟ʖ ͡°つ
Muh war hero dad and muh black son
FYI: The black community intensely dislikes the LGBTQWERTY being compared to civil rights movement to end the Jim Crow laws in the south.

Spartacus ought to know that.
RUSSIA**RUSSIA***RUSSIA*RUSSIA
Jesus. What a fucking shit show.
Okay he's right that congress are do nothings giving away their authority.
Muh black son
I'm confused is the sub going to get banned? A lot of people are saying that's the next step but subs like the red pill continue to stick around.
Once again. Tim Ryan not answering the question
Man the Democrats really lost all there energy after the Mueller report... they look so lost up there
we should all vote on drudge's poll for someone with the intent to ruin the poll :)
ANSWER THE QUESTION, TIM
#Journalist Jamal Khashoggi is still dead.

#Dems will save us!
Tulsi only one who doesn't sound like a lunatic. She is going to get destroyed.
Tim Ryan is fucking done. Too bad - he's right about 9/11
And there goes Tim
"the greatest threat is trump"
"muh trump"

Nice answer, literally who?
CLOSEST TO NUCLEAR WAR NOW???

DID SHE FORGET ABOUT THE COLD WAR???
Lol this party runs on their hate for Trump
Why are there no doctors in that psych ward?
Haha this is a disaster
Only Bill was stupid enough to answer Russia lmao
No Russia?

OK Finally lol
muh orange man bad

there it is
Trump! wooooooo!!!

Russia! wooohoooo!!

Nukes! .....mehhh..
Did that dim bulb just say that we're closer to nuclear armageddon today then when the USSR was around? 

Flash Attack Plan R to the wing. That's "R" for Robert.
RUSSIA!!!!
A drone was shot down because it was magically Trump's fault for it being shot down. I won't explain how but it was...
Tulsi act like she knows war so much that she is needed in the Whitehouse. She doesn't even realize her own hipocrisy that she is war monger that pays her paycheck
That lightning round of soundbyte answers shows how much of a lame game show this dumbass circus is.
Can you imagine if Trump said he was going to use the office to go after Hillary?  Beto just committed political suicide.
I want more clowns to speak Spanish!
Watching this debate:

https://gfycat.com/chillypitifulindochinahogdeer
Like Hillary Clinton?!?!?!  Damn these people are idiots!
WHO THE FUCK CAN TAKE THESE TROGLODYTES SERIOUSLY
So we just gonna declare him guilty.  WTF.
MUH PEACH MINTS
RUSSIA PEACHMINTS CLIMATE-CHANGE
Race to the bottom complete
What crimes?
Robert O'rouke:  I'll impeach trump after he is out of office.
I can't believe I'm saying this - but this is actually way worse than I was expecting.
Prosecuted for NOT obstructing.  Yeah, that makes sense.
No one above the law. Shit. Has he called out Hillary and all her crimes.
This is bizzaro world, watching this feels like being in the twilight zone.
They blew through a break. Good job shitshow moderators.
Mitch McConnell and Vladimir Putin hacked the voting machines y'all
These folks are stuck in time. They've got nothing. Pander and anecdotal stories to pull at heartstrings. Literally not substance here. Big scary climate change, kids dying in schools and at the border, big corporations bad, tax the rich out the ass so they move their money offshore. Free shit for everyone and punish law abiding gun owners while not addressing the core issues thereof. There ya go, every candidate.
Deblasio: Obama created a broken healthcare system.
Seems like he's just trying to imitate Trump's message (badly) from 2016.
My moneys on diblasio speaking Ebonics in his closing
I must say, this live thread has been a pleasure. Thank you, mods. Thank you, fellow patriots.
I stayed up for this s***
NY is a shit hole unless you're extremely rich
We have three grandchildren and we love 2 of the 3.
These people couldn't run a lemonade stand.
Dude. NYC Hates You
Tim Ryan needs to drop out. Guy is way too smart. Big threat if he gets far.
This was great! Trump Daddy is licking his chops!
American  homeless?! You fucking racist there are South Americans who are homeless and need those homes
   Tim Ryan is def a sleeper cell Repub.  Confirmed.
Castro: I'm a Mexican.
Pendejo
Holy fuck. Why aren't they speaking Chinese? Or Arabic? Or Vietnamese? Fucking exclusionists!
Vote for me because I'm not white. Progress!
Castro is a *coño*.
Amy is so fucking weak
Castro going after the despacito vote
MORE FUCKING SPANISH
Did Cory Booker try to culturally appropriate by saying gracias?
There seems to be a hidden competition of who can painfully force in the most Spanish between Booker Castro and Beto
Amy Klobuchar is my senator and I have a soft spot for her. I am rooting for her like I root for special olympics participants.
“I grew up worse.”

“No *I* grew up worse!”

These losers really closed out the night in true form.
Molly, that doesn't sound very Latina.
Has anyone on stage *not* talked about their children or parents?
Spartacus losing his mind in the Senate sure was the best of us /s
"Thank you Congressman"

Hmmmmmmmm
My dream, was to be an Indian
Lieawatha!
is warren going to start speaking Cherokee
shame there is like zero native american voting block or else warren could counter beto with her own language
HOOOOOLIAAAAAAN CAAAAAASTROWWWWW
Watch fox it's funny actually
That was painful to watch. The lowest polling pushovers and panderers. This isn't even bottom of the barrel. This is shit that spilled out of the barrel over years and slowly created an indistinguishable ooze around the base of said barrel.
"I'm going to do all these things and look what Trump isn't doing, so vote for me".

Sounds good. Certainly believe it after the failure of the former Democrat president and the one before that. But these career politicians standing on the stage that continue to push fake narratives and lie, who continue to use extreme pandering techniques to garner appeal, will CERTAINLY be different!
They’re all treasonous, brain-dead, morally bankrupt, communist, corrupt, child-killing, child rapist, degenerate **CUNTS.**
[removed]
The license for my gun was issued in 1776 and doesn't expire until the day you pry it from my cold dead hands.
I hope the Dems nominate Delaney. He's the only sane one on this stage and him being nominated would give me hope that half of the country isn't absolutely insane.
If Elizabeth Warren speaks Spanish tonight I'll take a shot for each candidate.
I have to say guys

Trump was wrong

This isn’t boring

It’s fucking hilarious 

It’s like watching an episode of World’s Dumbest
They tring to snipe Delaney. He maneuvers well.
No clue who the balding guy is but he's wanting to take care of same issues Trump is trying to take care of. The host is cutting him off for saying things Trump is fighting for
So Cory Booker would turn down a VP nod because he thinks the next Vice President should be a women? Not the next president? Drop out now Cory you sexist. Get out of the way of the women.
I'd rather gouge my eyes out.
Yes, thank you
MSNBC gaslighting their audience at full steam. Lol
sp3zs wife looks like planet of the apes
###**HERE FOR THE PARTY**
Are they seriously next to my school (no joke)
This will be a contest of who can promise the most free stuff
MODS  


PLEASE REPLACE THE 'YOU' IN YOUTUBE WITH 'HOOK'. THE LINK WORKS THE SAME WITHOUT GIVING THE GOOGLE BLOODSUCKERS ANY CLICKS.
How cute, they’re acting like this really matters 😂
I’m here for a good time, not a long time.
Did you mean...Robert Francis O'Rourke?
Not one alpha male spotted in the crowd
Latinx LMFAO Elizabeth.
LATIN-X AI CHIHUAHUA
Jesus Christ. 15 seconds in and I want to vomit 🤮
I think I already won that bingo card that was posted the other day...
Hahaha holy shit BINGO!!! didnt even have to use the free space. Way to go warren!!
LMFAO they are saying the economy is bad.  TDS IS REAL.
30 SECONDS IN: free shit!
#[REEES IN GIBBERISH]
🤡 Show
Hola, yo soy cuck - Beto
WTF they aren't even speaking American.
AY CARUMBA
These people are fucking whackjobs.
lol she just called his ass out on dodging the question.
Beto's campaign is so toast after tomorrow
Anyone catch Spartacus face when Beta went full Spanish?  

“Fuck Spanish why didn’t I think of that?!”
And on that day not a single question was answered
alex jones livestream *_*

Give it another year before he's the Savior of the internet
Beto is so sad.  also pandering  too illegal aliens so brave.  come hijack our republic,  but at least their not russians.
Beto needs to stop playing with himself
Lol since when did Corey Booker have a lazy eye???
Tonight- how can i shoehorn my prepared speech into the question asked of me?
I don’t know if I can watch this whole thing lol
These assholes can't even answer a simple question
Blah blah
So if we need a president who fights for us and we already have him...why do we need Corey Booker?
Dissenter has LIVE CHAT ENABLED for Youtube broadcasts!

Dissent at www.youtube.com/watch?v=vJ6MrDO0kgY and join us!
Did all these clowns ride in the same Ford Fiesta to this circus?
I have the courage to go after the big companies

^except ^for ^those ^that ^pay ^me
God everyone has a sob story
I'm enjoying this rather much at the moment. These fools are playing oppression and gibs olympics.
Welcome, America will be vetting your victim hood tonight.
Does Julian know Presidents don't pass legislation?
Doesn’t her military service disqualify her from the D ticket?
“Fuck your question about women’s pay, I’m the only one up here who served.”
This is honestly hard to watch
OMG he's speaking Spanish! Lol.
"There's plenty of money, it's just in the wrong hands!"

Well there it is.
Do i have to watcn the lefty cunts or can i just read this dom thread?

Because i dont have the stomach or low enough blood pressure to watch these anti-American anti-freedom marxists.
I can't believe I'm actually watching MSNBC.
LMAO Deblasio is dumb as shit.
Old Francis with the energy to speak partly in Spanish but to not answer what was an extremely direct question.

When given a second opportunity to answer it, again didn't answer it.

This guy is literally the pseudo hispanic version of Obama.
This shit is so cringey LMFAO
Fucking hate unions - wonder why China does 99.9% of our manufacturing? Mutha fuckin unions
Everyone gets a job of the future, boys. PACK IT UP. ORANGE MAN IS DONE!
> Slingin hash at McDonalds

I don't think that means what he thinks it means
ARE YOU KIDDING ME?! LOL - They are trying to say they will beat Trump's Economy... Trump is already doing energy jobs! What morons
Ryan?

lousy name, might be related to that other jerk
This is the kids table at Thanksgiving
Giant corporations bad!!! We need giant government instead!!!
The Dems want to tell me how they’re gonna get jobs back from China...? Are you fucking kidding me?
I see their trying to rig it for Warren to go up against Biden or Bernie for the nomination for women representation.
GREEEN ENERGY WORLDWIDE (except for everywhere but the US)
How are we going to be leaders of technology in anything when we hand it over to China on a silver platter dummy?
Okay so Warren seems to have much better questions than everyone else...
This shit is so boring. they're all saying the same damn thing.
Elizabeth Warren is wearing the same shade of purple as the Joker
**HERE COMES THE SPANISH AGAIN**
Robert is worse on stage than i was expecting
WOOHOO KILLING BABIES
You like your current health care plan? You can keep it. You like your doctor? You can keep your doctor. Holy shit this sounds familiar...
Help! Beto is speaking in English again. I don’t understand. I pressed “2”. I PRESSED “2”!!!
Beto is done for. Btfo by the DE BOZZO
Big Bill out of far-left field!
Beta actually said ‘If you like your plan, you can keep your plan’ 😂
I think Elizabeth warren would make a great governor for the state of delusion
Did they just seat young college unemployed anti fa clapping people in the audience??
TRUMP 2020 EZ
Tulsi isn't a good speaker.
I don’t care about socialized healthcare I just will not take part and pay for it I’ll keep my private and the people who want public can pay in
Poor Tulsi. Honestly I think she has the best chance against Trump. Libtards basically hate her though
African Americans don't live as long?? RACIST!!!
Corey Booker will literally never be president of anything except the Newark LGBTQBRB society.
YASSS QUEEN NO POLICIES JUST SAY WHAT PEOPLE WNAT TO HEAR YASSS
Is this the politburo?
TRANS IS A MENTAL ILLNESS
This is turning into a trainwreck. Yay!
Disgusting the amount of people in the audience cheering for dead babies.
Trans? Right to choose? Ok, all 10 people affected will be happy.
#He thinks Transgenders can have babies.  

#KEK!!!
Wait, did he just suggest that trans women are getting abortions?
A trans worman has the right to an abortion... HERE WE GO!
Reproductive JUSTICE! I'm getting my own post birth abortion when the Democrats win 2020. Protect the right to abort yourself!!
oh man. is 2020 going to be the year of the first male-to-female tranny abortion?????
Castro: Reproductive justice for women...and our transwomen.

Huh?
NGL I support Trans' abortions yall

I just picture a doctor roleplaying an abortion to humor their mental illness
This debate is all about government funded baby murder
“We all can agree we want to kill babies.”
Booker keeps slamming his own district, yikes!
If they don't support 36th trimester abortion, i'm not voting for them
Spartacus should’ve been aborted by Michelle Obama
End All Bad Things 2020
So many fucking softball questions...LMAO

&#x200B;

Do you think people who caused the opioid epidemic be held accountable?

&#x200B;

All these people are the same person in different bodies.
Lester's a supreme cuck.
Is Booker promoting safe injection sites?
Beto is boring when he's not standing on a table
Malfeasance? Wow. Trotting out the ten dollar words. Either that or he's read "The Name of The Wind".
This group is the nerdy table in the school lunch room nobody wants to sit with
Cory Dookie "mUH cOmMuNiTy" fuck you asshole this is America not just your shit Newark community.
Kek, there's literally TENS of people in the crowd.
#So, 30 minutes in and with the expectation for average family "kitchen talk issues", we've talked about:

- Windmills

- trans rights to kill babies

- Black people are only affected by prison

- Trump is a bad man
[🐸 @parscale 🐸](https://twitter.com/parscale/status/1144055786873790465):  
>Democrats want to ABOLISH private healthcare! BIGGER government will not make us healthier.

>Dems want to move your medical decisions to Washington!
Listen to this fucking asshole oh my God how fucking pathetic these people are
Wow. Toss a softball framing question much? Holy shit.
This dude is supposed to be a questioner, not a candidate!
i'M sO aNgRy ThAt PeOpLe DiE tRyInG tO GeT InTo OuR CoNcEnTrAtIoN CaMpS!!11!!!
So let everyone in? You are fucking insane
1: Went to port of entry

2:  Were DENIED

3: Try to come in ILLEGALLY.

4: Die.
So far this debate is just a round table of people stomping their feet demanding the most free things as possible
If there was a wall, they wouldn't of crossed that River
hahahahahhahhahahahaha
Oh come ON
I SPEAK SPANISH TOO - Bookends
If you get turned away from Asylum and you "get frustrated" and try and barge your way into the country you are a criminal. It is not Trump's fault that you die doing something you were told not to do
Is this the Mexican presidential debates?
When the fuck did we start speaking Spanish in debates? Am I at Wells Fargo now? WTF?!
Lol if they get the presidency they won’t do any of the shit they are saying
Lmao its like the moderators are in a competition to see who can put the most emotion into their loaded, pontifical questions. It's almost cringeworthy
Bill de Blasio with the purple tie..
This is just so jv.
Every single Democrats: "We must invest and send money to every other country except the US. AMERICA LAST!"
These people are a joke. That father is the reason both he and his child are dead. There is no right to immigrate to the US, if you enter illegally that's on you.
So much fking cultural appropriation going on...how dare they
We're in America fuck face
Are we on Univision?!?!?!?

Did I switch channels?
i wonder if everytime these people speak in spanish on telemundo it gets spoken in english
Is the entire DNC debate going to be in Spanish in 12 years?
What is the spanish word for “pander”?
WHY IS EVERYONE SPEAKING SPANISH, I DONT SPEAK SPANISH!
Yikes. De Blasio is even more cringe in a debate than he is when just campaigning - to quote "... immigrants didn't do that to you, the 1% did that to you." Also, the fuck did Castro just say? Take back our way of handling citizenship? And Beto and other jump and applaud for this?! Screw these losers!
Felony for hiring illegals, problem solved instantly!  Koch bros dont want that though!
Why is everyone slapping Beto around lol?
So Beto wants to invest our tax dollars in other countries? Foreigners > Americans is the Dems platform.
What a shit show.
Illegal alien invaders.  Some are bringing rented kids with them
Fuckers need to be speaking Arabic, Congolese, Chinese, etc.

Not all the illegals speak Spanish...
Illegal immigrants diminish America
Seeing that some of the DEms are answering in Spanish. If it was on Telemundo, I can see that, as that's a spanish speaking channel, but the other two NBC channels? they should be in English.
I noticed they are staying away from Trump so we can expect them to all be patting themselves on the back for the rest of the night and all day tomorrow
I’m done, guys, this is worthless
I love how they won't decipher between "Legal" and "Illegal"....
Wow!  This is even worse that the left could have feared!  These people have zero chance with independents!  Fucking self REKT!
Amy Klobuchar should stick to throwing binders at her employees
Sorry Americans Illegals first!
O god they're so fucked
I thought there was no crisis at the border
Klobachar has that Caitlin Jenner facelift.
Mexico can't take care of their own kids?
Trump tried you dumbass. The Dems wouldn't give him money for CBP.
Literally just debated about how much of a crisis healthcare is and immediately transitioned to "WE NEED TO FUND ILLEGAL IMMIGRANT HEALTHCARE AND SEND DOCTORS AND NURSES DOWN THERE IMMEDIATELY"

Its one or the other, you're either taking care of Americans or taking care of immigrants.
People illegally invading our country should get zero health care.
So about that non-existent crisis at the border...
"We need immigrants in the fields."

Sounds familiar, Democrats.
"Vote for me...also learn to speak Spanish because I plan on moving the entire population of Mexico into the USA"
Booker has mastered facial animations

That's why he seems like an SNL skit so much
Washington State must not be doin so well if this is the best they got.
If I were President, on my first day I would sign a bill that gave all the illegal immigrants free healthcare!
It’s not a threat if he’s really going to do it
Whoa, Jay Inslee.

You should be so proud of Freeattle.
Literal "refugees welcome"

Literal "diversity is a strength"
Wtf Msulim Ban?   What year does this guy think it is?
Beto’s upper lip looks like a coke spoon
I love the cringe!
Why aren't they asking Tulsi questions?
Jay Inslee is quaking like hes in -30° temp in his skivvies. Calling it now...new nickname from GEOTUS = "Shaky Jay." Exept that he chokes and disappears within the next 3 days.
We need to give Iran more pallets of cash, that will fix everything
LOL, Beto looked nervously at Booker like he wishes he gave that answer. 😂
imagine these idiots dealing with china and iran
Why will they pay Americans $15 an hour when they can pay illegals $5 an hour with no vacation or safe working conditions?
This debate will end in a crescendo of autistic screeching. Just watch.
#L&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;I&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;T&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;E&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;R&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;A&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;L&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;L&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Y  
#I  
#T  
#E  
#R  
#A  
#L  
#L   
#Y
What's with the skunk streak in her hair?
Translation: Dems have no redline
What was that cut out and yelling
Mayor de Blasio screaming like a drunk man and who the fuck is the announcer on the right what a goddamn moron he looks like?
Iranians just started hating America when Trump was elected, that's what I got from that exchange.
Maddow is coming first time you’re going to hear that
They’re all the same. Nothing separates them from each other
How to restore custom CSS on T_D --> https://preview.redd.it/gxm2ve9kzs631.png?width=588&auto=webp&s=6c7d0c7b6c92574045f6a22c9d6785dd2f0dfdb0
Lmfao who was that trying to get in something at the last second before the break? "Rabble rabble rabble, hey, wait just a sec-"
Tulsi, I'd like you to meet John Kerry.
Lol how this poll guy still have a job he’s Been all wrong for years
Trump confirmed for better president than Nixon, HW, and Reagan. Libs btfo
Man this is a piss poor debate. I can't believe how terrible the NBC moderators are. "Moderators" lol.
These are the 'leaders' of our country, SAD
Lol nobody thought trump was qualified but we voted him in cause we were sick and tired of the status quo
Clown world in their death throws: How do we stuap them from laughing at us rheeee Quarantine t_d rheeeeee
__MADCOW IN THE BARN!__
Ugh its that guy, his show is awful.
C'mon say it. Say you wanna ban guns. Lose the election right now.
Why is Warren smiling whilst the guy is talking about the school shooting?!
Here comes the questions about Assault Revolvers
What the fuck is that background noise?
Good lord it amateur hour
Which moderator has more estrogen? I'm going with Todd.
Rachael Maddow, hahshahahaha!!!!! Biggest collection of idiots on one stage ever...until tomorrow.
they can’t even run a debate properly
LMAO
NBC with shit audio
What a joke
TURN OFF YOUR GODDAMN MIC
LOL MULTI BILLION DOLLAR COMPANY CAN'T HAVE WORKING AUDIO
Lol nbc what clowns
TRUMP CURSE
All losers.
Ahahahaha! Ahhh what a shit show.
Warren can’t even stand up straight
WOMP WOMP
Oh look, they're talking about disarming the citizens.  Surprise!
Clown World...honk, honk
They should call this the Victim Olympics.  Christ, the fake histrionics over the dad and the little girl (we don't actually know if she was his daughter) that died.  Tragic indeed. Tragic that he was such a shitty father or man to put that kid in such danger, and they both paid the ultimate price.  How is that the fault of Trump or of America?
Big pharma bad - now but some Eliquis
This debate is already the equivalent of a San Francisco bum-junkie taking a dump on the sidewalk.
Democrats are losers HAHA
Looks like their brains aren't the only things with crossed wires!
Only MSNBC can laugh at a serous thing. This is a debate for president not a haha we’re fucking up so bad right now hahaha type situation. 

Sorry, I take this shit seriously.
Wish we had Killary's hot mic when she beat down Matt Lauer.  The glorious reeeees and "it's my turn"s.
Remember kids, guns kill people, just like pens write hate speech.
Hard to keep track of which mics need to go out to the candidates' ear pieces to tell them what to say and which ones go to the audience.
Anyone catch what they were saying?
Trump curse
Ban guns=🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡
Joe biden won’t be able to finish anything in his allotted time tmrw
Banning guns doesn't work.  It's been studied.
Booker mentions his shitty neighborhood: third time tonight.
How did the Native Americans keep their kids safe? **BAN BOWS**
Warren did everything but say 'Black People'
Is this dude literally living in the hood just for votes?
Now it's time for the "how many people were just shot on my block" olympics.
WOMP WOMP

[⚡️@marc_lotter⚡️](https://twitter.com/marc_lotter/status/1144064993652084736):  
>That wasn’t the mic drop that most of these Democrats hoped for in the debate.
When will Elizabeth Warren make enough money to pay for a good hairdresser?
Who is this Chinese Marco Rubio?
My kids here. Crickets.
Keep dreaming Castro.
"My faith"  my ass.

&#x200B;

STFU Corey, you demonic piece of shit.
Corey Booker be living in a community that 7 people got shot in last week. He spend too much money in his vegan agenda but bought an iPhone X like he ain't poor. He poor.
90% come from broken homes weird he skipped over that
No kids are legitimately afraid of gun violence. The problem isn't any bigger than when I was in school and nobody at all was concerned. At best, the pretended to be in order to get sympathy from adults.
Hmmm mental health..what a noble concept
$OCIAL PROGRAMS $OCIAL PROGRAMS $OCIAL PROGRAMS!!!!!
how about a return to family values, and stop having the schools raise our kids
>we aren't coming to take your guns

Fuck you you lying son of a bitch. Out of my cold dead hands you piece of shit.
WOW IT'S ALMOST LIKE SCHOOL SHOOTERS TEND TO COME FROM FATHERLESS HOMES IT'S ALMOST LIKE FATHERLESSNESS CREATES BAD OUTCOMES WONDER WHICH PARTY HAS HELPED DESTROY THE NUCLEAR FAMILY HMMMMM
Beto  is Irish.
"Assault Weapon" -Drink
"Guns of War" -Drink
Robert looks like he needs another bump of coke
Dems hate women.  They want to import rapists and remove your guns that protect you from them.
So if i ran as a Democrat, and i said i would take firearms from Americans, redistribute them to illegals, who can have free college to become abortion doctors, I would be made their king?
Red flag laws; where anyone can call you in to the police, and then the police can legally come confiscate your guns.
The 2nd Amendment isn't about hunting, Amy.
We're doing something wrong. 

You have preteens wanting to become transgender. By the end of high school they are so far fucked in the head they get bullied cause they dress the opposite sex. 

It's about bringing people up not in broken homes. Not letting the Internet raise them.

Kids probably had pill popping mothers due to prescriptions being handed out like crazy.
Her uncle dicked her in the deer stand.
nah, no MN iron rangers are "giving" their guns back lol.
What’s wrong with klobachar eye? She get hit with a binder?
Guy from Maryland (Delaney) on far right has been completely shut out for the last hour after he responded to the first question and made just a little bit of sense. They’re even cutting him off from the screen
THE SECOND AMENDMENT ISN'T MEANT FOR HUNTING DUMB FUCK
Have any of these people ever tried to buy a gun? You need all kinds of background checks already!
If Scot Peterson had followed through on his recommendation to have Nikolas Cruz undergo a mental health exam, Cruz would never have been able to get those guns.
Poor congressman Delaney
"Need a license to own a gun"

So you do your background check and get handed a license?
oh god here we fucking go
No point in watching.  I'll just wait for the memes.
I wanna see them speak more Spanish
IM RAISING A BLACK SON. HES YOUR SON MORON
Bill is a genuine piece of shit "muh black son"
dont talk to my wifes black son ever again
Do I need a free speech licence too?  Do I need a licence to prevent search and seizure?  Do I need a licence to receive a trial by jury?  Fuck yourself, Corey.
Hahaha, 15k dislikes / 10k likes on the Youtube stream right now
I’d feel bad for that jabroni on the end they keep ignoring if he wasn’t a Democrat.
I hope Cocaine Mitch is tweeting about this Pablo Escabar style.
Where have i seen Delaney before...  [https://easilycrestfallen.com/tag/gay-guy-from-airplane/](https://easilycrestfallen.com/tag/gay-guy-from-airplane/)
Warren its not your turn
Aunt Pocahontas is mad, yo. We might not be getting her Pow Wow Chow tomorrow.
African American Dominated Community.
AS AN AFRICAN AMERICAN MAN I'M THE MOST ON THIS STAGE LIKE OBAMA - SUCK ON THAT WARREN
“We passed the first step act” lmao who signed that shit booker?
The biggest challenge Booker ever achieved was to convince Rosario Dawson to be his beard.
Climate change lmaooooooo this will be entertaining
Our towns are burning from climate change?

Did this dummy just say that?
Oh no, Miami is lost.
God is the president of climate change.
OMG that "I'm watching you" gesture from that creep...
My goodness, are we watching Celebrity Jeopardy?
Hey Bill - India and China give exactly zero shits about your green energy plan. Guess you'd better kiss Florida goodbye, huh?
We are the first generation to experience the effects of climate change? No one lived through the end if the Ice Age?
Beto reminds me of John Kerry.
Climate change is the worst- we're gonna put 8 million people to work! O'Doyle Rules!
these people who want to be president think that were a democracy.... uh no were a republic. check out what the founding fathers said about democracy

&#x200B;

[https://www.ranker.com/list/founding-fathers-anti-democracy-quotes/melissa-sartore](https://www.ranker.com/list/founding-fathers-anti-democracy-quotes/melissa-sartore)
[🔥 @TrumpWarRoom 💥](https://twitter.com/TrumpWarRoom/status/1144060630560903168):  
>FACT: Cory Booker has accepted over $400,000 from the pharmaceutical industry during his political career.  

>"The ‘[Big Pharma](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/D-CK8WKXkAoJlmn.png)’ candidate? As he runs for president, Cory Booker looks to shake his reputation for drug industry coziness"
2 degrees Celsius?? Use Farenheit Beta...this is America!!
The Dems apparently are going to save Miami by throwing Mitch McConnel into the ocean. They don't realize he's an excellent swimmer, our dear turtle.
MORE ESPANOL????
https://i.pinimg.com/originals/e2/7a/79/e27a79ac54bb8cd8ce529f290e85196a.gif

muh climate change
Can they please stop trying to appeal to minorities it's so insulting
Sustainable agriculture? But AOC said that was racist!

Beto is /ourguy/
Puerrrrrrrrto rrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrico
HUD Secretary Castro gives houses to illegals and not American citizens
Gotta do that accented pronounciation for Puerto Rico.
I was expecting a train wreck. I wasn’t expecting to laugh this much  😂
I'm going to quit working, and just live off of the government if any of these wackos win.
^^^climate **Control**
Lot of hot air coming out of their mouths causing a 2 degree temp increase worldwide.
Why aren't the candidates from northern states speaking French in their responses? Aren't they worried about those Canadians who might not understand them?
Democrats know how to spend money, but are always vague about where it comes from.
"We are not connecting to the "working class" people."

Gee, I wonder why?? Could it be that you want those people replaced by foreigners and basically killed off?
Everyone on stage is so obviously anti-2nd amendment. They are inching closer and closer to tyranny.
None of these people answer the question
Well, Inslee, if you're for the electoral college being eliminated, you can kiss all that shit goodbye.
Climate change is the Sun heating up every planet in the system. 

#FACT.
Hawaii tits. Answer this layup
Trump / MAGA = Beto / KCIS 2020
Keep the Carbon in the Soil
About to hear some serious pandering folks. Hold tight!
Such a bullshit undercutting smear against Tulsi.  Cuck Todd is such a fucking tool.  Expect Jimmy Dore and Michael Tracey to explode about this question.

SPEZ:  Literally three seconds after I wrote the above, Tracey tweeted his displeasure about this fucked question.
This is all so much virtue signaling bullshit. Holy shit.
Here we go with this pandering shit  the LMNOP community.🏳️‍🌈🏳️‍🌈
what lynching wtf
Remember that gay black actor who was lynched in Chicago? Unbelievable that this happens in modern America every single day
At this point, one of them needs to cut their junk off on the dias to prove their devotion to LGBT+ causes.
Amy Klobuchar threw a stapler at an employee. She's a person who cares.
Klobuchar already won this debate.  She cried first.
A lot of balls to bring up his anti lynching bullshit post Smollett.
I literally feel like I'm getting dumber whenever I hear anyone here talk - ESPECIALLY Booker.

God DAMN I hate Booker. He's a fucking loon.
Booker 2020 

I'm black, vote for me
These answers seem rehearsed, but then again I cannot fathom Democrats preparing debate answers ahead of time.
[https://imgur.com/a/R0HR1xQ](https://imgur.com/a/R0HR1xQ)  
Am I triggering the Reddit admins right?
SPARTACUS JUST SAID "African American Trans American" uh, you mean black tranny?
So who had the swollen hands?  The mom or the baby?
I thought it was LatinX? Didn't he just say Latino?
beto just lost votes for answering yes to that. entire anti-war vote is gone!
If your dick is limp for over 2 hours, Dr. GEOTUS recommends to turn off this debate.

ZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ!
Democrat run cities are the new Plantations. Wake up people!
Did they literally just ask a question about genocide? This is some crazy shit
Is it too much to ask that they speak fucking English during the debate?
Does Beto live under a damn rock?!
##**THE PARTY OF CRIME**
Beto's aides will absolutely tell him to stop being such a bitch on stage. 

If he doesn't solve it by the next debate, he's done.
LMFAO LESS WEAKER - TRUMP deployed a MOAB like his first week in office.
Bill is channeling is black son for this one
Cool story de blasio - -hillary told me women were the greatest victims of war
Let's just have a knock down brawl on stage. Last one standing is the nominee. Saves us a year of bullshit.
The Dems are war hungry, let's stay in afghan forever.
Dems should be worried they’re running so many duds this close to the 4th of July.
Crying Chuck won’t move our appointments in the Senate
THIS GUY HONESTLY NEEDS TO GROW BALLS
Double dare you:  what did Tim Ryan just say?
Moderators are so fucking cucked
Member when Trump wanted to Bring people back from the fight against ISIS and the Dems got pissed?
How does Tulsi already have a silver streak? Isn't she like late 30s/early 40s?
I would rather watch women's soccer than this garbage. BORING!
This dude lookin a fool. Yikes.
Fucking retard Dulaney LMAO
They actually cheered for that?
ORANGE MAN BAD GIVE ME VOTES
LMFAO ORANGE MAN BAD ORANGE MAN BAD
Stammering fucking idiots
Im seriously pissed that theres not ONE AMERICAN FLAG on that stage!!!! Didn't they fucking learn from the DNC convention?
climate change lmao
"the only way to save the country"

TDS
Obama will be the first.
William Barr just laughed him self off the couch
Here comes MUH RUSSIA
Not willing to play ball and accuse Trump of phantom crimes?  Talking about people from the "flyover states" instead?  Get cut off.
Do Blasio and Ryan going to cross swords in the men’s room
Four More Years!
 You guys want to see something funny go over to redacted and read their watch party thread
That moment when half of the people in the debate who want to run the greatest country on earth, think the weather is the greatest threat on the geopolitical field...
Ooooh soundbyte time
Father was a business owner?  Sounds like white privilege!
Act one not so good.
Closing Arguements of the Democrats:

Orange Man Bad
I rarely watch tv or listen to the lying media - but was that seriously a commercial for adult *bedtime stories*?!
"The American dream for millions of people like *myself*"

ruh roh, white guy saying that? RIP Democrats
This guy bases his whole campaign on climate change. Dude, sorry but you need more than a single policy lol.
yeah; Trump's going to steamroll these chumps
Gabbard leading exit polls. She will easily get wiped.
[Democrat at the #DemDebate: Our party is out of touch with working-class Americans.   That guy earns the first fact-check rating of TRUE tonight!](https://twitter.com/trumpwarroom/status/1144076649610317824?s=21)
Pocahontas and Biden are on different nights because the party already decided she’s gonna run as Creepy Joe’s VP
Castro please stop speaking Spanish the illegals are going to vote for you anyway you don’t need to convince them
DID SOMEONE HINT TO THE BEGINNING OF A POLITICAL DYNASTY?

&#x200B;

ADIOS
Why does Castro’s head look like a condom?
>Whether you live in a small city or whether you live in Tijuana
This is like listening to nails on chalkboard.
I’m not woke enough to understand Spanish yet :(
Is Gabbard having a stroke ???
Adios to you, you dumb shitbag.
Booker can win fights while looking in two directions at once! Amazing!
Beto stfu and do the Napolean Dynamite dance clown man
Aluminum blankets, but no Wayfair beds.
Why isn't the whole thing in Spanish? I can't understand English.
[deleted]
[🔥 @TrumpWarRoom 💥](https://twitter.com/TrumpWarRoom/status/1144076649610317824):  
>Democrat at the #DemDebate: Our party is out of touch with working-class Americans.
 
>That guy earns the first fact-check rating of TRUE tonight!
Where is swallowwell?
##JUST SAY FUCK WHITEY. 



##[CROWD] WOOOOO NONPROFIT WORKERS WOOOOOOO
Will Castro bring the cartel if hes elected? Can't wait boiiis
She has crazy eyes
YO I FUCKING CALLED IT
It’s hard out there for an Indian.
"Me Elizabeth, BIG TREE!"
She lied about it to get in school
#IT'S FINALLY OVER!!
Pocahontas:Never in a million years did I believe I would stand in a place like this

Me too
They are protecting Warren from the shit-show.  They have her as a potential front runner.
Screechahontis: My family lived on the Trail of Tears, half a mile up the road from white man village.
Dances with Shills
HULEEANNE CAWSTRUHHH
Who's the main people tommorow?
I am betting against the stock market with puts but I am worried that the debate was such a clown show shit will rise tomorrow.
So... your biggest policy has nothing to do with policy but Trump. Bold strategy, cotton.
After 30 minutes of all the candidates stating that American citizens were not getting the health care they need, when the debate shifts to the border, Tim Ryan (I think that’s his name) says that Trump should be sending American doctors and nurses down to the border to take care of all the sick people crossing illegally into our country...


WTF?!
If I was an unemployed non-english speaking pregnant LGBYXZBQ Illegal "Immigrant" on welfare who wanted to be a victim of a starving socialist gun free society...

I would Sooooo vote Democrat!!!
Yang tweet: Technical difficulties must be the Russians

This guys actually kinda funny
[removed]
\-I hate Trump and I'll give you free stuff! -I hate Trump more and I'll give you more free stuff! -ORANGE MAN BAD!!!!!!!! (Applause) FREE STUFF!!!!!!!! (Standing ovation)
Booker is looking at Beto sideways LOL
This is fucking pathetic, this is so fucking fake, it's unbelievable.

I bet they fucking rehearsed this
LMFAO even the Dems themselves don't want government healthcare.
If you put Dems in charge of a debate, they cannot run it without failure. Imagine putting them back in charge of the country
Delaney is too centrist to get the Dem nomination.
Sorry I'm late, complicated business. Anything worth mentioning from tonight?
Let's be realistic, gabbards first order as a president will be **PRO ACTIV**.
If Robert Francis doesn't jump on his podium when it's his turn to speak I'm demanding a refund.
I love how the Dems are just good old working class Joes. Probably just got off the shift at the stamping plant an hour ago.
Can you imagine if blacks were still the favorite minority group and all these idiots were trying to one up each other by speaking Ebonics?
Quarantine is a good party eh lads? 🤡
Tulsi confirmed for pro-pedophile. You heard her.
How long until they say orange man bad? I give it 5 minutes.
We are Censored!   NOOOOO!!!  Rock it tonight, Team Trump!
Clown world! Infowars.com/show!
I'm ready for a comedy show tonight.
So Booker, Warren, and Beta are in the middle. Does that mean they're the top candidates of this debate?
Holy shit she was given the question in advance.
We have the lowest black and Latino unemployment in history. The fuck is she talking about?
Don't go to school for a shitty degree
Tulsi is a cutie but she's with the wrong party
community college is paid for by the community

not the federal government
Hey DNC..

#HIS NAME WAS SETH RICH
GIBS ME A YACHT
Why is this dude talking in Spanish.
#Tax 70% GTFO! HAHAHAHA beta is speaking Mexican wtf wrong election hombre
Hey that guy speaks spanish just like me!
Mr. O’Rourke we have this televised in Spanish. Thank you.
Lol warren is terrible
Arm those memes, boys!!!
God, Beto is such a cuck
BETO refuses to answer the question!! LOL
Wait, I thought 0bama fixed everything
what's up with his face? is he wearing make up to look darker
Great, now reddit-stream doesnt even work...
Sidebar: I wish the moderators would be able to rig the chairs with vibrators that'll give them a jolt when they get to time.
This guy looks like Pedro
Hows Google feeing tonight?
Not one of them have answered a question yet?
If you are going to increase taxes on companies, guess what...THEY ARE GOING TO LEAVE AGAIN YOU DUMB MOTHER FUCKERS! Holy Shit, the people who vote for these idiots just dont get it
Booker lives in a “black and brown community” and sees “every day that this economy isn’t working for everyone.” 

Is Booker claiming to be from the hood?
Why does Julian Castro look like a Kung Fu movie villain?
Two parties: Republican and Panderers
"thank you for giving me a que to give a personal anecdote to gain sympathy"
I’ve paid rent guys, women don’t get equal pay
Fix the lay gap? How about choose higher paying jobs.
PAY WAMEN MORE!
Hey look! A skunk!
Holy shit I agree with Elizabeth Warren

This was about breaking up Google for future reference
Free stuff, weed, Orange man bad
Jesus christ muh pay gap. If you took a shot every time a fake liberal stereotype was said you'd be blacked out in 1 min.
Gabbard has the Rubio approach of canned lines
Can someone make a meme, when Booker looked at Robert, when he was speaking Spanish
Of course no one will ask Warren why she hasn’t introduced legislation to do all this magical stuff since well, she IS A SITTING SENATOR!!!!
I'm still really confused and I'm seriously asking... not trying to be a dick.

How are women paid less than men? I've heard for four years now how women are played less than men but no one has ever given me an explanation.
$15 minimum wage? Free public college? Break up "big corporations"?

Yeah, you've accomplished nothing. No stadium for the MLS team in NYC, and a tax on soda.
70% tax rate on the wealthy, holy fuck these people are fucking insane
Dude I like Tulsi
I can’t fix shit in my city so I would make a good president -deblosio
"It's just in the wrong hands" is terrifying
Lol this is worst then I was expecting
No Donald trump is simply right
This is painful to watch.  I don't know how Democrats can constantly, for decades, fall for this BS.
Inslee wants SEIU GROSSSSSS

MCDONALDS RULES I LOVE MCDONALDS


WIND TURBANS CAUSE AIIIIDDDZZZ
The guy next to Deblasio looks like an audience member just walked up and took a spot
Can one of these just give me a straight up “orange man bad” so I can make fun of them.
Aren’t jobs numbers the best we’ve seen in decades...? Your community isn’t the entire country
Donald Trump is Simply Wrong! Pack it up guys... we are done, it was a good run
HELL YEAH FUCK MEXICO AND CHINA. THE ONE THING I LIKE
The democrats are fuhhhhhked. None of these people have ANY appeal.
\# of people qualified to be CEO of fortune 500 companies

\# of people qualified to flip burgers and take an order at a fast food restaurant. 

Pay is based on supply and demand and performance.
Why does the guy who ensures there are thousands of jobs make a lot more?

Why don't we have a shit dude there tanking the company and costing people their jobs? Fuck this guy is such a fucking idiot it's insulting.
Why are these weirdos talking?  I wanna hear goofy Liz.
Alex Jones stream ftw. Also, why tf can't i post stuff like this anymore? https://magaimg.net/img/8b4p.png fuck quarantine
How much stupidity can be amassed in a single area before it collapses in on itself like a star and forms a black hole of retardation from which no coherent thought can escape?
All I’ve heard from these people is how they plan on shutting down businesses.
New drinking game to play tonight: every time Julian Castro speaks, take a shot if you couldn't tell whether his response didn't come from Fidel Castro instead.
lol warren is fucking rarted
ORANGE MAN BAD
They’re really going for the “prove trump right” strategy with all of this talk of companies running to Mexico 🤔
Green tech? Ah, they are out of ideas.
TIM RYAN NEVER VISITS US IN OHIO UNTIL HE NEEDS VOTES FROM HIS BLACK SLAVES
I can feel the braincells leaving my body listening to this.
Looks like they want Warren to win out of this group.

Everything she says sounds pre made
This is seriously clown world.....Warren is now supporting US Manufacturing.
She’s sounding a bit like a xenophobic patriot bigot /s
You know you’re in the wrong when only are Blasio raises his hand to agree with you
she looks like an elf on meth
We have the best quarantined folks believe me
[Amy Klobuchar has either been napping through the @realDonaldTrump presidency or is intentionally lying.    THE TRUTH about drug pricing:  -- Consumers SAVED $23 billion last year in prescription drugs, first time we've seen decreases like this in DECADES!](https://twitter.com/kayleighmcenany/status/1144053287395778560?s=21)
**SOB STORY BETO**
Cool story Beto, did you hit his car while drinking and driving and try to run off?
It’s bad when you wish Bernie was here so you could hear him spewing his insane ramblings. 

He was in my town for a rally. 90% of people there were high school kids. It was depressing.
I wonder if we will get Robert to apologize for something tonight?
Say ‘glaucoma’ in LatinX, Robert!
Three cheers for abortion!
Holy shit what a made up story. Might as well have said he met a blind homosexual midget
Why isn’t he answering in Spanish?
Let’s talk about abortion. Hopefully they ask at what point can we murder babies.
Klobuchar is a real flop. Seems super nervous. I guess she is only good when she has her talking points in front of her?
> choice bad 😡

Said the guy who banned soda
That's a great quote. Now tell us what's broken and how you plan to fix it.
Devlasio is trying to be alpha like Trump and is failing horribly.
Everybody's interrupting now, because if they don't, it's all Fauxcahontas, all the time.
This guy actually sounds sane
Good job, ferret face.
So fuck the debate rules I suppose
based Homer Simpson
LatinX?!
Yes, more people getting health care will reduce the costs...makes...total...sense?
What's with Tulsi's hair?
I like Tulsi but she's clearly not ready for a presidential run.
[⚡️PENCE⚡️](https://twitter.com/mike_pence/status/1144053291724226560):  
>Democrats are in Miami tonight to make their case for more taxes, more regulation, and less freedom. Their far-left agenda is out-of-touch with the American people. #DemDebate
I don't have health care anymore because of Obama.
What is Beto doing with his hands?
What they tell you that you will have: Medicare for all.

What you will get: Medicaid for all.
[meme] holds up pictures of each candidate. Pam: they’re the same candidate.
Cory Booker is a college educated congress man, why is he living in a lower case community? Is communities like mine, his campaign motto? He says it all the time.
So to sum up all of this... D1: Magic Butterflies will solve all our problems. D2: NO Magic Dragonflies will solve all our problems
Elizabeth Warren:  Bankrupt the Healthcare Industry!
i think booker is crosseyed
The Insurance companies wanted charge me $1000 because of Obamacare.
More yays for abortion! Yay!
Dude keeps raising his hand and they keep passing him over for Warren! Unbelievable.
You are pure evil. You respect everyone's rights... except for the unborn.
Enslee wants public funded abortions
[As Democrats extol the virtues of government takeover of healthcare (which fails everywhere it's tried), think about what they're really saying:   OBAMACARE FAILED, WE NEED A REDO‼️](https://twitter.com/kayleighmcenany/status/1144054897521958915?s=21)
Moderators losing control.
Right of choice? finish the sentence buddy, right of choice to take a life
A woman's right to kill their child
Free abortions. We're giving out buckets rats and blowtorches. You figure out the rest!
Who do you all think is the most real MF on this stage? I think it's John Delaney.
#AND THE CROWD GOES WILD
This debate is an abortion.
Men should have free abortions too apparently
#WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK?!?
Wouldn’t be surprised if Trump got an approval bump from this.... yikes
Trans abortions lmfao
"Women with penises should have their abortions paid for by insurance!"
Diabetic babies need opioids and aborShunz
If this is the best the Democrats have to offer, then I''m disappointed. I thought Democrats would at least put up a fight.
Cory look like he is about to take a huge shit.
America can not have a cock eyed President.
Warren’s normal speaking voice sounds like my grandma scolding me for eating cookies right before dinner.
Haha haha! Beto’s administration!
[Proposed theme music for these debates](https://youtu.be/pct1uEhAqBQ)
Bullshit! Why is no one holding physicians accountable for writing these prescriptions?!?!?!
##**DEMOCRATS MURDER BABIES**
reproductive justice! hahahaha
#TRUMP PLATFORMS DEMS HAVE STOLEN SO FAR:

Healthcare

Tax Reform

Manufacturing Jobs/Made in America

Pharmaceutical Prices

Opioid Crisis

HELP ME REMEMBER WHO STOLE WHAT.

Opioid: Booker

Warren: Manufacturing jobs (Made in America)
Good luck implimenting free healthcare while going after big pharma at the same time
Did that assclown Castro say he supports abortion rights for transfemales? That's male to female. Yeah, that's one group I fully support access to abortion for too, because they will never be pregnant.
That was a savage pandering triple rebuttal to Klobuchar :" we have 3 woman who fought for reproductive righths"   

&#x200B;

Castro " I fight for trannies to have abortions"

The cringe is off the charts. Only creepy retarded Joe missing..
Notice all of the topics they are crying about are things that Trump actually passed legislation to help reform?

- Criminal justice reform

- Opioid crisis

- Unfair economy

- Big tech censorship

- Healthcare

They can talk about these things all they want, but Trump actually did something about it because Obama wouldn't!
What is this a broadway production?
Very dramatic
Great now we’re on immigration... this’ll be a real shitshow
Shouldn’t have brought those children to harms way. I have kids. I wouldn’t dream of taking them where I thought we would be separated.
If this ain’t the most melodramatic shit I’ve ever seen Ahahaha
Hahaha, so much bullshit.
Is this a moderator or is he running for President?
Didn’t they swim across the river ILLEGALLY? 

How do these fucks still not understand legal vs illegal immigration?
English, motherfucker. 

Do you speak it?
This is funny but also terrifying
Those people died cuz they can’t swim. Not America’s fault!
oh no they got *frustrated* :(

&#x200B;

Don't break the law asshole. Claim asylum in Mexico.
DEMS 2020:

TRADE YOUR FREEDOM FOR FREESTUFF
Democrats killed that kid encouraging him to come here this dangerous way.
SPANISH AGAIN, YAY...
More Spanish?!?!?!?!?!?
More Spanish!
BUILD THE WALL!!!
OMG Booker lmfao
FIX YOUR OWN FUCKING COUNTRY
What is the future move for fans of this administration? We can’t keep using this site right? All the social media is fucked too
Lmfao lolol God this is fucking Hilarious
What? Booker is now a Spanish Speaker and Spartacus?
Didn’t know this was the Mexican primary Spartacus trying to get some illegal immigrant points with that one
Jesus Christ.  First it was Robert Francis O'Rourke, now Spartacus is butchering Spanish? Best timeline.
HAHAHAHA

ROBERT IS FUCKING PISSED, YOU GUY'S SEE THAT SHIT
NOTE:

&#x200B;

All future debates will be aired on Telemundo
muh anti-Illegal immigration is racism.  

Booker responds in Spanish to a question about illegal immigration.
Did everyone start speaking with a Spanish accent all of a sudden?
DACA is CACA
Did he just speak Spanish. Are you fucking kidding me
I wasnt ready for this, Goddamn.
De blasio trying so hard to be relevant
No love for the Asians? SPEAK ASIAN LANGUAGES NOW!
desperate de blasio trying to get in on the virtue signaling
They didn't care when migrants were caged and died under Obama.

What hypocrites.
These debates are fine comedy, but scary if this is the future of America. These people are dangerous and they'll destroy the country in 4 years or less if given the chance.
That is not America.

  


THOSE ARE NOT AMERICANS
Oh.... so we DO have a crisis now....
What happens when a big cooperation is run by an immigrant?
#MODERATOR ARE NOW SPEAKING IN SPANISH TOO.  WHAT THE F?!
I guess msnbc is now Univision
Hahahhaa this debate is an absolute shitshow. Grandstanding pandering to the nth degree
I see speaking in tongues is now part of virtue signalling
seems like that these people would do more for these "immigrants" than Americans
Amy Klobuchar is thinking "fuck, do I know any Spanish"
Next debate will be entirely in spanish
English motherfucker, do you speak it!?
they all hate this country
While speaking Spanish is taking alot of people out of this, speaking English is probably taking a lot of people out of this as well.
Oh my god they are all talking Spanish wtf am I watching???!
Why the fuck is this in spanish?
I couldn’t imagine being dumb enough to actually vote for one of these clowns 🤡🤡
HISPASIAN JULIAN GOING FOR BETOS THROAT
clownworld.us
Lets make them citizens  so we can turn Texas blue...
Ahahahaha it's Battle of the Faggots
Elizabeth Warren in the middle looks like John Travolta gif
So much cultural appropriation tonight. The bigoted white privilege is just disgusting.
all this spanish. fucking virtue signalers
Lol the actual hispanic is not even pandering by speaking spanish in every response
They really want to die on this immigration hill?
I, sir, challenge you, to out radical me!"
[Rare photo of Corey Booker and his father](https://i.redd.it/nxnzsrozho8z.jpg)
Immigrants are the best we need more of them!! Legally!! Woot
6 8 0 0 0 0 people have crossed the border in the last 8 months. They do not understand the impact of this many people shifting
I'm confused, did I accidentally chose the SAP button on my remote?
They refuse to make a distinction between legal and illegal
"We're looking at a pack of losers." - Alex Jones 6/26/2019
hey, where's creepy uncle joe, btw?
These candidates all have the exact same personality.
Wow OPEN BOARDERS
Democrats in 2019: "We need workers in our fields and factories"

Democrats in 1819: "We need workers to pick our cotton."
illegals aren't immigrants, Amy.
LMAO why is Amy even there?
Have we had any concerns of our citizenry addressed yet?
lmfao is this a spanish soap opera, how many voting citizens only speak spanish or know spanish fluently? 40-50 million Americans? so like 25% of the voting base? Losing 2020 already.
ORANGE MAN BAD
now they are arguing who is going to let more children in that are being sex trafficked
Yeah...let's send doctors to the border to take care of criminals.
Booker is a mouthbreather
Booker bites his lips thotfully
Lets give free healthcare to  people attempting to break our laws.....
Corey is psycho
Cory Booker just said being mentally ill is against he law
We aren’t criminalizing immigration... were criminalizing ILLEGAL immigration
Let's create a Marshall Plan to keep them out and let them all in at the same time.
It is not our job to "take care" of these illegal aliens.
Holy shit! He admitted it! Healthcare for illegals!!!
Oh shit. Is he going to cry? Please please please cry
Maybe the Democrats should approve the funding the White House has requested to take care of the kids.....
Washington State...,hmmm, yeah, Seattle is a great place with its housing market and great wages and all.
This debate is like their entire party. The fringe is getting all of the attention.
Washington state bends the knee to criminals
Send refugees to inslee Governor mansion
Donald Trump threatened me! 

REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
2 day debates, is this the low support tier or were the contestants randomly split up?
I tOlD dOnAld TrUmP tHaT wAsNt A rEaL tHrEaT
Illegals FIRST you bigots!
This "surge" at the border wouldnt be there if you would enforce our damn laws!
Seriously....is Gov. Jay slow?....like Forrest Gump slow?
**BOOKER IS HIGH**
Don't be a Corey
Has Tulsi said a single word today?
lmao Delaney is desperate for some air time and they just won't give it to him
ALL FOAM
NO BEER
NO COLLUSION
NO OBSTRUCTION
RIDICULOUS BULLSHIT
They are Ron Pauling Tulsi
This woman is a fucktard
All talk about taking care of illegal immigrants.  SMH. Nothing about taking care of American citizens!
Spartacucks: "ITS MORE DANGEROUS TO STOP BRIBING IRAN THAN STAND UP TO THEM!"
This is cringy as hell to watch. I'm not sure I can handle it.
I’m for longer sunsets too, Amy.
They ALL have psycho eyes!
What war?
They are letting the crazies talk themselves out of contention.
Oh she tried to insert a cool word so that she would make the papers... not going to happen
We get it Tulsi
All this is shit that will should be posted in things that will never happen.  Because none of these dipshits have a chance.  Trump would obliterate them!
Is this lady about to cry? Who is she?
ORANGE MAN BAAAAD!!!!
Orange man bad time. take another shot
Bruh we would do to Iran what the covenant did to reach in like 2 days
Tomorrow night will be even better lol

Gangbang of Joe Biden with added Bernie and Pete
Didn’t they JUST criticize Trump for NOT attacking Iran!?!?
Because you’d be in jail.
The "Democrats" logo behind the candidates looks almost identical to the Comedy Central logo.

This clown show is the funniest thing I've seen in a long, long time!
IRAN IS CREATING THE SITUATION.... God they cucked  to Iran immediately
How the hell did these people get where they are?
Tulsi unfortunately has had trouble with her talking. She seems like maybe on a drug or reading improperly off a prompter.
We soooo scared of Iran waaahh
"WAIT A MINUTE YOU CAN'T GO TO COMMERCIAL--" HAHAHA.
Lester Holt rocking a spray tan
I can't take a dude in YELLOW PANTS seriously
What a bunch of stone cold losers
swallow your pride and put the American people first by giving Iran 150 billion dollars...but first, let in those 400,000 monthly illegals.
Hillary was a shitty candidate? Nah - Russians. Has to be.
Reminder: Tomorrow Crowder streams the debate live.
We NeEd CoMmoN sEnSe GuN cOnTrOl
EVERYONES MICS ARE ON
Look at Warren chomping at the bit on Gun Control.
Here comes the gun grabbing question!
He needs more hair plugs. They look awful.
Hahahahaha fuck you MSNBC
BWHWHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Audience audio on during democratic applause, off for Republican.. can you see it?
Gun activism sounds really cool until you realize what it means.
TURN OFF THE MICS.
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH
"If we take away innocent people's guns, 100s of millions of guns will still be in the hands of bad people"

Is this a bad idea? Or a really bad idea?

Pocahantas, what are your thoughts?
This is meme magic
Lol fuck your audio!
AHAHAAAAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAA
🤡
They all look like deer caught in the headlights. Talk about not presidential Sheeeesh!
And God said, "Shut the fuck up you clowns". "Shut it down"
CUE the looney toons music. ABITBITBAITBAITBBBTT That's all Folks!
This guy is high off his soy today
How embarrassing.
COME AND GET THEM, BRITISH HEIRS!

Spez: this is not endorsing or glorifying violence.
Hahahahaha
Russian made mics!
[deleted]
[deleted]
we fucked up in 2k16 on our polls, but BELIEVE us NOW after 30 shitty minutes of clown world debates!
I got an ad from CNN saying Debates Live from Detroit, only on CNN!  

The fuck are you talking about Fake news
Those margins are going up you fake news cheerleader
HAHAAH metaphorical mic drop!
Payday this weekend.  Guess I will by another gun since Democrats want to take them so bad.
GOOGLE I MEAN RUSSIA HACKED THEM
Guess they need to talk about banning suppressor microphones before they talk about guns.
Chuck Todd's frame is the same size as Madcow's LOL
Robust teen activism :::: Joe BIODEN smellling it up
People in the back yawning.
How is Liz going to keep you safe?
First to cry during the debate? She's really stepping it up!
Her voice is like a gurgly dying toad.
Warrens response: I don't have an answer let me research it some more.
Elizabeth just assumed those kids' genders.... SHAME.
Did Chief Warren just say that only collectors should have collector guns? That's literal Nazism.
Bookends: "I hear gunshots in my neighborhood. That's how gangster I am."
He wasn't killed with an "assault rifle", Cory...  Dumbass.
Does Corey Booker live in fucking Damascus?
Corey the Cuck, looks like he’s about to cry!
I hear gunshots too. Just my neighbors target practicing/hunting.
where is booker looking?
Warren always answers questions as if she is begging a captor for her life.
Cory Booker: "I think I have the biggest body count up here, so my credibility on this subject is highest, now look at my left hand while I blame an inanimate object for deaths, completely ignoring the root cause of violent crime."
🤡🤡🤡🤡
Parents are afraid because YOU have worked tirelessly to convince them of it
If gun grabbing worked, then Democrat run cities would be the safest. They're the most dangerous.
The 7 people in attendance really liked that line about dem president, house and senate.
These clowns don't have an answer
Spartacus is as creepy as Gropey Joe. Yikes.
No one can answer the question, they know a shit load of dem voters are gun owners.
What blows my mind is, school shootings happen rarely...

You are more likely to get killed by a ILLEGAL immigrant, then your kid getting shot at school
Thanks, Castro!  You just told us that when the Dems have full control of the .gov, you will take the guns.  This is what the Democrats want.
Man, I really do try and stay neutral and be fair to both sides.. but this is difficult to watch.  Every 2 minutes, somebody uses a child or a tragic event to heighten themselves above the other "debaters".
School shootings have been on the decline since the 90s according to the doj but never let the truth get in the way of a good story
Robert looks like he's about to self-destruct
WHAT'S SO TRAUMATIZING ABOUT SCHOOL THAT PEOPLE WILL BECOME VIOLENT?!
Rob had that “discussion” in Texas but he took the L to Ted Cruz in the senate race
This bitch is an idioit
Glad I bought my "assault weapon" last week before the commies come for them
This is a fucking mess. Even if any of these candidates were good, you'd never know from this horrible rushed debacle.
Sandy Hook mentioned

*Alex Jones intensifies*
She just said it's the kids that wanted gay marriage.
What? Klobuchar is rambling about "gay marriage" on a school shooting Q.
YOU SHOULD NEED A LICENSE TO VOTE
#ALEX JONES STREAM = COMEDY GOLD 🤣

*Appears he’s assuming FINAL FORM just in time for 2020...*
That is boldly unconstitutional.
What the fuck is a weapon of war lol
But no license to vote? Pfffft
#I DONT NEED A LICENSE TO EXERCISE MY RIGHTS
but you don't need a license to vote!
lol at any buyback being 'optional'
[🔥 @TrumpWarRoom 💥](https://twitter.com/TrumpWarRoom/status/1144064575366729728):  
>FACT: President Trump signed bipartisan legislation to improve the federal firearm background check system and keep guns out of the hands of dangerous criminals. #DemDebate
The deciders have decided that Delaney is out lmao
ok im out this stopped being funny
I'll trade ya a ID to vote then.
Congressman Delaney can't say shit
My son Treyvon
Corey Booker: "If you need a license to drive, then you need a license to buy a firearm".... Well dude, there is way more required than that.

Now let's ask the same thing for Voter IDs?
i HaVe A pLaN
Black shield activated
Actually we are a republic but ok
New York City: We don't care about flyover country.

Mayor of New York City: We need to go there and convince them we're on their side.
Ok but Warren that wasnt the question
Pocahontas has a plan... Lol.
lmao the moderators completely ignoring  half the candidates always going to the same ones
Seriously I have no idea who half these people are - Dulaney, Crazy Eyes from Ohio, and whomever is next to Dulaney - idk
TRUMP GOT A CRIMINAL JUSTICE REFORM BILL DONE!
LOL Booker is taking credit for Trump's criminal justice reform bill.
Delaney is a normal democrat
He's black? You're shitting me.
[deleted]
Is booker really trying to take credit for the crime reform bill?
Climate change is the number 1 priority, guys!
Miami is fine bitch
Miami is sinking!

~ R. Madcow
LAST CHANCE, GUYS!
Has Ryan spoken yet?
This guys policies are like his crooked ass mouth
"invent the future" - that's the dumbest slogan i've heard, ever
So boring
These idiots constantly have a clearly made up anecdote for everything. Just talk like a fucking human being.
Open Borders incomingggggg!!
I feel sick every time I see Beto's sweaty face.
BUILD THE SEA WALL
This guy's a fkng dildo
"I don't think that represents the vast majority of the issue."

You mean like every other issue you push because it impacts one tenth of one percent of the population?
BUILD THE seaWALL
So according to Castro screw mainland states were helping Puerto Rico even though trump gave them a shit ton of emergency money
Why is every answer with these losers

'So there I was with one poor person'

Oh, because you have absolutely no actual experience so you have to say it over and over again.
These people are such fucking morons holy crap this is bad
De Blasio getting a nose job would be his first use of my tax money that I can stand behind. Holy crap he looks like a crow.
"we have a perception problem with the Democratic Party"

Truest thing said tonight. By far.
BETO wanting to return all carbon to the soil - LMAO.
When will they discuss the Godzilla defense plan?
This is horrible
"Take them out" seems like a threat...should be censored
You're god damn right you've lost the working class. 

And you're not getting it back either.
I'm still laughing about Build the Sea Wall!
Julian looks like a lizard in human skin. Creepy
"All the economists agree"

Sure
Delaney really standing out
Ryan? Is it bad my first thought was Paul Ryan is running as a D?
Cut their mics
No one cares about this shit
whoa whoa whoa, take Lindsey Graham "out" ? Sounds like that dude needs to be quarantined
okay, now who can be gayest. This is going to be good.
Ho Lee fuk I can't believe this is actually happening
Yes Sparticus we talk plenty about men in dresses.
Yeah, bitch. We all think someone should love whoever they please. Next!
HERE COMES THE LYNCHING. Everyone get your Jessie Smollet hats out.
Besides Juicy Smollett, who the fuck is getting lynched in 2019?
I know when we had the last FAKE lynching
We don't talk enough about transgender people?

This country talks WAYY too much about transgender people.
im really glad they're going after the african american trans americans here for votes... enjoy the 1/1000000th percent of the population that applies to
Welp of course the non racists bring up pandering to different races as a talking point
Booker just dropped the L word, there is a space filled on my bingo card. Im doing pretty good!
LYNCHING LOL? Wtf?
Go to a hospital because your hands are swollen? What the fuck - that's why healthcare is so high, go to urgent care you dumb bitch
She just dropped a redpill by saying Trump signed a good bill lol
stop the lynching booker? like that fake jussie smollet one? or the last one that happened like 30 years ago. these people are trying to change a terms meaning again just like with everything else. are they so retarded that they don't know words have actual definitions that are in a fucking book that they can look up.
Needed a camera cut to Beto after Maddow said that haha
This is a game of who's more minority. So far Booker is winning with black trans.
These candidates are more anti-police than TD!
LAHTINOS
Julian Castro refusing to speak Spanish only accentuates how retarded Cory and Beto are. I like it.
Whoa, whoa, whoa!

Liz Warren is 1/1024 latino, FFS!
Ponder Olympics in full swing.  What a shit show
That audience looks so tired
He called Lester Holt “John”.
Beta doing his predesignated talking points given to him by MSNBC
>Putin attacked and invaded our democracy.

That is not what happened, but okie-dokie, Robert.
More like Beta O’Cucke eh? eh?
20 more minutes I can do it😣
It's cute when democrats pretend they care for Vets.
I rewound a bit to keep up with you Pedes! Haven't been let down yet with the yawning guy lol
long and tedious.  sounds about right.
Fake question used to try and tie Trump's hand in Iran!!!
Biggest Victim gets to be the Dem nominee ready GO!
Because you jackasses won’t approve his appointments!
Tim Ryan is making Pocahontus look good. Thats hard folks.
Status of this debate so far: 🤡🌎
First kill shot of the night to Gabbard
Delaney got caught not paying attention!
They're red pilling each other.
CHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIINA
ORANGE MAN BAD
Well that's one candidate down lol
Trump is a geopolitical threat??
Hey you can’t pick 2 there Cory
Someone should tell Dems that we're not allowed to purchase weapons of war. If our soldiers were taking civilian AR-15's into war, we'd be at quite a disadvantage while the enemy shoots fully automatic weapons at our soldiers.
FUCK DEBLASIO
ORANGE MAN BAD!
Geopolitical threat to the United States: Democrats
Orange man bad time!
RUSSIA. There it is.
How original. A "hate trump" loaded question followed by another.
We are at a bigger threat of nuclear war NOW than during the Cuban Missile Crisis....... Fucking WOW.... so delusional
PEACH MINTS
Muh Russia!
So I just was scrolling through enjoying reading all the comments and then just kept going down the line upvoting everything. I’m so proud of all you beautiful pedes.
Here we goooooooo 🍑🌿
Is this the best they have?
Hahaha such a prepared speech... this cunt.
lol. these people actually think it was russia! that was /r/The_Donald and 4chan!
"Potential crimes"

It's only 2+ years later and we still don't know. Still looking.
The biggest threat is satanic pedophiles creating political parties made up of morons saying nonsense.
Oh oh these people still covering for Hillary. Hillary colluded and they don't want to say it.
Beto exhibits beta Male insecurity
Pelosi knows what she is doing lol.
[deleted]
1/10 MIGHT have a brain!!
Lol he cant even say Trump should be impeached
they all have bugged out eyes
Obama will be the first POTUS indicted.
Has anyone see the movie "The Island"..   This is what these people remind me of..  Cohen, especially..
ruuuuuuusssssssssssssssssssssssiiiiiiaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
What's Klobuchar saying about Mitch and paper ballots?
This is glorious.  We get another day of this shitshow tomorrow?  Amazing.
[deleted]
If I were still a Dem then Delaney would be my guy.
I haven’t seen this many clowns on one stage  since I took my family to the circus last year!!
Okay, Delaney is unintentionally hilarious
I can't wait to get my first $100 Million bill with free healthcare and doubling the minimum wage
BETS ON CHIEF WARREN GETS LAST WORD????
Well Inslee, you're top threat was Donald Trump, not Climate Change, so which is it.
"Muh climate!" - Inslee
THE POLITICS OF FAILURE HAVE FAILED.  WE MUST MAKE THEM WORK AGAIN
SOMEONES READ 1984
What right, what's wrong, what's true, what's false, what's a woman, what's a man, what is pain, what is pleasure.
Hey Inslee, let's see how tough you are on China you fucking clown. Even if the US went full green, China would still pollute.
"Nothing worse than not being heard or seen"....?

HEY TIM YOU HEARD OF GOOGLE? REDDIT? FACEBOOK? MAYBE YA SHOULD LOOK INTO THAT YOU LIZARD
What a bunch of clowns, they have nothing to run except Trump is a meanie.
Which of these buffoons wants to debate Pence?
Who's dividing us????
These assholes all talk the exact same way it's fucking hilarious
Tim Ryan might be the least retarded of all these clowns. 🤡🌎
White House?! Das raciss!!
Ahhh again with the fucking Spanish.
Only housing secretary I want to hear from is Ben Carson
Pandering at unreal levels by Julian.
"everything else just melts away, like a rasberry vinagrette over a comb's teeth"
Klobuchar chews on gravel before and while speaking
Three things to know about me: 1.) I eat salad with my comb...
Klobuchar has come a long way since being Elena Kagan's body double.
Booker is a Care Bear
She eats with combs
The black tranny is speakin espanol
🤡
"I haven't mentioned my child in 8 minutes"
Come on CRY Bobby Frank!
Booker: vote for me if you want to get sexually assaulted in bathrooms
The military will never vote for you Warren
pocahantas out here telling her life story in 45 seconds....lol
God forbid they give Tulsi Gabbard any mic time, she might not go along with the clown show.
Somebody get Pocahontas a beer for Christ’s sake!
Spanish class is over.
How is this a major party in the USA?
Warren’s “I have a dream” speech *yawn*
" I LIED ABOUT MY RACE TO GET IN COLLEGE, THAT WUZ MUH OPPORTUNITY."
Looking forward to another shit show tomorrow night
Brett B and Shannon are cucks
Hope Joe doesn't doze off before the debate tonight
Is that Elizabeth Warren's family with her at the end of the debate? Just curious, are her kids adopted? I think she mentioned leaving school when she was pregnant, but the kids look nothing like her.
I really enjoyed the commentary of Robert Barnes tonight!   Owen was very solid as well....but Alex kept cutting him off....lol.  the women on the street did a great job!  fun way to watch this DNC debate clown show!
Ramerez's mother is also at her school?
Best redpill television I've seen in years.  Who the heck are these idiots? #prolawenforcement #GodblesstheseUnitedStatesofAmerica
#BORING!

lol
Trump's 2020 victory is pretty much guaranteed at this point, but let's not let our guards down, they might pull 10 million extra illegal immigrant voters this time and the social media and MSM will go all out for the Dem nominee. Lets continue do our work and spread out message.
THE FIRST ORANGE MAN BAD WE HAVE A WINNER!
#WHO ARE THESE WHITE MALES ON STAGE!?  I THOUGHT THE DEMOCRACTS WERE DIVERSE!?!  WHERE ARE THE TRANNYS!?!?
So let me get this straight Warren... Corporations only care about profits and will move overseas, so let’s raise their taxes....? 🧐
Did she really just make a failed beer joke after giving Kav shit for liking beer and talking about her alcoholic family??
"All foam and no beer"

She is done
WHY IS NO ONE TALKING ABOUT REBUILDING THE FAMILY UNIT IN AMERICA?!?
Who prepped these candidates, Dora the Explorer?!
wE ArE cLosEr To nuCLeAr wAR thAnEVer beForE

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cuban_Missile_Crisis
Tulsi smacking everyone in the Drudge poll
Tulsi should switch parties
LMAO oh god.
What the fuck Robert!?!
Hahahahaha. My sides! He's speaking in Spanish!
Warren is speaking out of her ass
I see they just say what Trump said. 4 years ago. Bold strategy cotton, we'll see of it works out.
There aren't going to be any straw men left standing after these folks are finished.
Her voice is so fucking shrill. As if this idiot is going to run America.. This is insane.
#THINK OF THE CHILDREN!!!!  THEY HAVE NAMES!!!
The virtue signaling spanish speaking is so damn insulting and cringworthy
I just tuned in. This is phenomenal. What a bunch of ass clones. Fuck beto 2019.
.....where can you buy a gun without a state license?
Lmao, De Blasio. "I had to have a conversation with my black son about how to survive because too many have died at the hands of the police." What'd you tell him? Not to hang out with other black people? Because he's 100x more likely to die that way than an unjustified police shooting.
Dead dad and black kid.  Your wife an illegal?
Fuck off castro. Anti-white scumbag
One country. One language. Speak it or go somewhere else.
Tulsi winning the drudge poll
**Fuck yeah!**
##GOD BLESS YOU MODS
Let the circus sideshow begin!
Does anybody know how to stop the “Are you sure you want to view this community?” from popping up every 10 seconds? I’m on mobile btw and I already opted-in to this subreddit on desktop.
Take a shot for everytime they say TRUMP
**MASTERS OF THE POINT AND WAVE!**
Dont think I can bring myself to watch this shitshow, I'd rather lurk here and laugh at everyone's comments
The one that yells Orange Man Bad the loudest wins.
AMY KLOBUCHAR IS MOST DIFFERENT

SHE ONLY WANTS TO PAY FOR EVERYONE'S HEALTHCARE

AND HALF THE COLLEGE
This is the boring night only Pocahontas on stage.

Tomorrow is the main show.
Ricky Maddow is so weird
LOL @ fake White House behind them.
Literally who?

Also why are they calling Robert "Beto"?
I'd watch this for the goofs but I can't stand Maddow, she's insufferable.  They should have used someone who isn't a partisan hack.
Did it start? All I'm seeing is the photo
Oh boy. This should be good.
the clown party has begun
My lesbo sister just looked at me and said, “this is gay.”
Drink every time someone says LGBTQ
Let the cringe begin
Pocahontas has the most grating voice.
What she literally said nothing of worth yet people still cheer?
She’s too boring. Next.
Good lord Klobuchar is obnoxious-and ugly
Someone needs to tally how many times the word "free" is used.
Amy is dead on arrival nobody is voting for this lawn chair.
OH HAI ROBERT
Who’s gonna cry first answering a question.
LOL HE IS SPEAKING IN SPANISH . !!!!!
PANDERING ALERT
And the award for strongest pandering goes to....
LMAO REALLY
I read this as Democratic debacle, which is more appropriate.
LA RAZA CON MIS PANTALONES
Beto English and Spanish does he think he is the Canadian Justina.
Fuck off Beto
I AM SPARTICUS
So platitudes but no answer?
#Farticusssssssss!
Spartacus’s eyes creep me out
Booker is like, walleyed
Beto is on drugs. Looks like a total wreck
Brown community. What a racist
Booker wants the free market to work. Socialism BTFO. He's not getting the nomination now.
Ya, I don’t speak, fuckin, chicken alright.
Hillary NPC (v2.tonto.3.teepee)
I HAVE THE COURAGE
I think I’ll have a beer... Husband Bruce???? Want one ???? DONT MAKE ME DRINK ALONE HUSBAND BRUCE???
I literally dont believe a word anyone has said so far because President Trump is doing everything they said they want to do but better..
lol here we go with the pay gap shit
Will they have the courage to go after Google, Facebook and Reddit?
beto avoids the question by speaking spanish
Wow such favoritism. Let some of the other plebes talk too. Not just Pedo, Spartacuckus, and Fauxhantus.
Leftist shitshow bingo!             

Go here: http://bingo.saksena.net/bingo                   

Paste this: Goofy Liz talks about Bernie, concentration camps!, OBSTRUCTION, Mueller, someone wants to raise taxes, "top 1%", O'Rourke hits the mic while flailing his arms, Tulsi gets shut down my moderator, "Reparations", Border problem is denied, LGBTQDRSFC, Creepy Joe mentioned, RUSSIA, Tariffs, "Voter suppression", Google mentioned, Cohen mentioned, Idiot Law & Order plagiarist mentioned, Booker talks about Kamala, Skateboards!, someone mentions the fake polls, someone is a slurring stuttering mess, College loans, COLLUSION, Barr, "Popular vote", Marijuana, "Kids in cages" hoax, "Fine people" hoax, Gun grabbing brought up, RACIST, SEXIST, BIGOT, XENOPHOBE, NAZI, X "is a human right", third-trimester & beyond abortions, Stormy Daniels mentioned,              
              
Win!
I am offended that Beto didn't speak in Latin- in would be more appropriate.
yes no or pass?

let me say nothing instead for 2 paragraphs
>I would finally admit that it's a fake statistic

No? Alright I guess Marxists are gonna Marxist :/
Beto is out.
How do you know when a Democrat doesn't have a solid policy or answer? They open with a fucking SOB STORY.
Where is Biden? couldn't stay up this late?
LOL Tulsi is talking about war in a Q about equal pay.
CNN: Is Tulsi running as a Republican?
deblasio with a negative chance to be president
Jesus Christ, I'd hate to be a rich guy in this country.
Oh, yeah. NYC is great for the working people!
I feel like I am watching the Miss USA pageant with these answers
And jobs are leaving your city in droves.... idiot.
FREE FREE FREE FREE
Equal rights amendment. Sounds good doesn’t it?  It’s a nicely painted Trojan horse that would require a Moscow level central committee to manage. Vile.
FREE EVERYTHING BECAUSE FUCK EVERYONE WHO MAKES MORE THAN $15/HR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I hope everyone playing drinking games tonight is watering down their booze, or else you'll be in for a bad time. RIP your livers.
Tulsi should get more love, but wouldn't. She actually sounded at least a little bit responsible compared to everyone else on stage.
Tulsi is the only democratic nominee I like.
Tax hikes are making people flee NYC, idiot
Warren is going to take up 90% of tonight.
Muh living wage, because that's what I needed at 16 when I wanted a part time job to buy a car
"Do you agree?"

"I THINK WE NEED TO DO REAL THINGS"
Tulsi is there best bet
>break up corporations... *when they're not serving our democracy...*

#🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔
Democrats are going to decide who has too much money and then redistribute it. Sounds awfully familiar.
DeBlasio is retarded, “let me tell you how I fucked up New York City, and how I can fuck up the rest of the country...”
Break up big corporations.. unless they are facebook or google
This guy looks like a tortoise
This guy is the traitor version of Mike Pence. You just know he'd sell his own mother out for a pack of smokes.
MCDONALDS CEO WORKED HIS ASS OFF FOR THAT POSITION DUMBASS
Also slaves. You brought us slaves.
why are they talking about creating jobs? Trump has created more jobs than Obama did in his entire 8 years.
yeah, wages are up dude, thanks to President Trump
How about the rampant homeless and drug problems in Washington? Can we talk about that for a second?
Inslee, do you know how different the jobs of making burgers and running a multinational corporation are?
Did they start with the biggest losers first?
"Wind turbines cause jobs"? My ass they do! They're totally mechanized! Ridiculous.
>we can create jobs by raising corporate taxes and raising the minimum wage

brainlet.jpg
The Clown is Loose In the InfoWars studio.  I repeat, Clown Loose in the InfoWars studio
this really is clown world
They should sneak random audience members on stage during a close up - then ask them a question or two before swapping out - 75% of Dem watchers wouldn't know the difference
Why the fuck are they asking Warren all the questions ?
I have only been watching this for 10 minutes and its getting boring real quick. Just a bunch of crazies offering free stuff.
Move jobs to Canada? As a Canadian I can attest that it’s more expensive up here, then in the USA

Know what your talking about...
Are the dems trying to copy DJT's platform?
lol come steal our tech and innovation.. "but you have to make it here" pinky swear
It's been on 21 minutes and I've learned nothing except this is boring.  It's just pandering.
“Let’s switch things up and throw one to Pocahontas for a change.”  
  
It’s basically the wompum wompum hour over here...
BRACE FOR SPANISH

&#x200B;

LO SIENTO SENIORS
Warren uses private healthcare
Beto, i’m Not understanding you.  Can you speak Spanish pls?
Medicare for all, reduces payments to providers, will raises taxes but the estimates are low.  The Dem numbers don't work.  

If you like the DMV you'll love getting healthcare from the government.
Why do these so called human rights cost so much?
Can you prove that universal health care would be better than Obamacare or whatever we have now? Also, as a Catholic, how can you be pro-choice?
Jesus, what a shitshow. This is the Retard Bracket, though. Just wait till Crazy Bernie and Creepy Joe get their shot in the limelight.
No habla englais, Beto.
Diabetes, glaucoma, and clubbed feet.
Join the infowars stream LOL LOL
🅱️eto is a clown
Beta speaks exactly like 0bama....like he studied him or some weird shit.
ENTER CIRCULAR FIRING SQUAD
IF YOU LIKE YOUR PLAN YOU CAN KEEP YOUR PLA. - BARACK OBAMA

-	BETO
beto is just horrendous jesus
Worked for me until the ACA
Puppies and rainbows for everyone!!!!!
LOL, two people under 10% in the polls are fighting each other as if it matters.
"Free" healthcare. No such thing as a free lunch and everyone on stage knows it.
100% correct. If I only accepted Medicare patients I would go bankrupt
What is wrong with Bookers eyes. Fucking crazy eyes
"Gibs me dats" - Dem 2020 Slogan
Is there a bet going on when Sparticus proposes to his beard to get a poll bounce?
Say it with me LANDSLIDE
Corey booker is a weepy homosexual
Booker: “Have I mentioned that I know and even live near black people?!”

Standing ovation.
Cory Booker just said “When I’m President of the United States.” My loudest laugh so far.
What kind of drugs is booker on?
Chief Warren hey-how-are-ya hey-how-are-ya heyyyyyyy
Why is everyone talking about how poor their communities. You'd think they would want to...not bring it up.
Insurance companies killed my father and raped my mother!

~1/1024 Warren
I hate how these idiots hold their thumb like that
Inslee kill my baby
#KILL BABIES
How much money did the dems waste on the russia probe?
Amazing. They arranged the commiecrat circle jerk clown show in an arc, but they're all still managing to grasp and tug their chosen unit.
What a hot mess.
This debate is a fucking shit show
Nobody asked about abortion!
Wow LMFAO so fucking pathetic
tried to visit this sub and couldnt find it in the search, completely forgot biased reddit quarantined it. sad
WE HAVE VAGINAS
Klobachar is a woman?
The problem with Bobblehead Warren is we saw what their party did. They didn't help the working class one bit.

Heh, Obama's cabinet was chosen by Citibank!
Lmao this shit is a circus. Blasio vs Beta go back and forth then someone named Delaney that no one has ever been aware of existing comes in for a full 2 minutes to basically repeat a mixture of what both Blasio and Beta just got done saying for applause. No one genuinely cares what is being said right now lmao.
Robert doing the Soy Boy signal
She keeps getting time because that shrill voice cuts the air like an arrow.
Free abortions. These people are sick
REPRODUCTIVE JUSTICE!
FIRST TRAAAAAAANS MENTION OF THE EVENING.  SO BRAVE
Trans people can get pregnant?  WHAT??
"Peoples right to choose?"


Nah - guys don't have a single fucking say you dumb mother fucker
Watching this on infowars is the right call.
Pocahontas' head shaking like a chicken with Alzheimer's
WARREN ONLY WANTS WOMEN TO BE ABLE TO GET ABORTIONS.

TRANSPHOBIC!!!!!
Man they are so good at dodging the actual question. Your time is up!
We r gonna have some great meme material
All corporations are bad. Every single one. Break them all up. Reeee
SNAP INTO SOME SLIM JIM
Spunkatus trying so hard hes trying to slay the camera operator.
O’Rouke sounding like a high schooler in a college debate
Wow he really practiced his annunciation
Everyone has to take a shot when beto suddenly start speaking spanish
the Dims are talking about too many prisoners

THEY LOCKED THEM UP

GEOTUS is fixing their draconian laws
Same question to Beto as I had for Booker. How exactly do you punish pharmaceutical companies for opioid abuse? I really would like an answer to that question.
Is it wrong that seeing the names Booker, Beta, and Warren got me hyped like it was a radio advertisement for a good comedy show?
Beta is such a putz.  He had to ‘reintroduce’ himself as part of a campaign slogan, he got interviewed while getting a haircut which he looks like a fool, and now he talks and acts like Obama with none of his charisma.
Beto wants the inmate vote
It's called the first step act.
Debate or talking points full of fake promises...
beto gonna answer immigration question in spanish
What the fuck is reproductive "justice"?

Also, fauxchahauntus said Latinx. Bingo.
Press 1 for English
If the economy isnt helping everyone, why is black unemployment at an all time low, Hispanic unemployment at an all time low etc
This is pretty much as expected. 

Everything is a right. Everything is free. Nothing is sacred. Everything can be done if the rich pay. You can kill your kids, even if you're a woman with a penis.
Race to the bottom.
Uh oh they’re gonna whine about the concentration camps now...
Ask for assssylummmm!
Why is it our fault someone died committing a crime?
lmao hes narrating an audiobook
The Martinez' family should of asked for asylum in Mexico and learned how to swim.
you claim asylum at a port of entry.
One major observation so far (pun intended). Nobody with a military background or support for police/military. 

All of the focus has been on Economy, Jobs, and Abortion. (3 things that are a slam dunk for Trump)
We get it whitey is bad and this country should look just like South America
Hey buddy you are a moderator not a candidate
We need to make our country more like Mexico!!!!
This is laughable. I rewound it back to listen to the question.
Why dont they blame the parent who dragged their children here...
Why do these people care about these undocumented people so much? Why should this be on the American people? Its pathetic.
Oh, the Trump metering policy is what prompted Oscar and Valeria to make the risky swim across the river...?
He is literally arguing for open borders to everyone
OMG
Can just one of them be honest and say I would line the border with voting machines.
Here we go, it is Trump's fault

Facepalm
Just like the syrian baby that opened the european borders!!!
SPARTAQUISSIMO EN ESPANOL
JFC....
Now Booker is speaking Spanish!!! WTF is this pandering!
They were frustrated that they didn’t get what they want at the expense of us, so they died breaking the law.
In this debate: people speaking in tongues. Osam de ba soya! Praise the Lord!
is this for real....
Accentuating your speech to sound Latino is laughable
The cucks are getting so wet with all these WOKE AF Dems speaking Spanglish.
el buildo la wallo
OMG stop with the spanish you dumb fucks.
Holy shit, My head hurts from laughing so hard.
Booker was so pissed Beto beat him to his big Spanish moment.
3 min ago https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/1144056731653169152
Reeeeeeally going after that Hispanic vote.
Looks like supporting abortions isn't enough anymore, you're now a Nazi if you don't support late term abortion.

politics sub is insane now.
Booker Trump's been trying to get border security but you aren't helping
"America was never great!"

"We need to do things we did in the old days."

Liberals... these are your views. FUCKED.
Are they joking ? These democrats only give two shits about illegals  cause they think those are democrat voters
What a fun time listen to them... no sense at all from any in this debate
Press 1 for english
You retard they weren’t even Americans lol!
Trump is going to destroy these lightweights.
OK so im confused now... are we allowed to pick and choose what laws we follow now ?
How many familes are you taking in Spartacuck?

FFS, DiBlassio.
"Our message absolutely is don't send your children unaccompanied, on trains or through a bunch of smugglers. We don't even know how many of these kids don't make it, and may have been waylaid into sex trafficking or killed because they fell off a train.

“Do not send your children to the borders. If they do make it, they'll get sent back. More importantly, they may not make it.” -Barack Obama 2014
Deblasio is worth 150 million dollars lmao.
Spanish!!!!!!!! Everywhere
Because you fools keep telling millions of people that they can simply move to my county whenever they want.  That’s not going to happen.
LMAO!!! This spanish shit is annoying!
Too bad they don’t have this enthusiasm for the homeless throughout the country
¿Hablas español??
This must be the Democrat debate for Mexico presidente or what?
I hit the SAP button
The infowars stream is fucking hilarious. It’s at clownworld.us
what is this an infomercial for illegal immigration?
Wait a second... are these guys running for president of Mexico? Not sure if I'm watching the right video.
Holy shit!  Do they not understand that not all immigrants speak spanish.  they are racists.
Well, if I hadn't already realized that the Democrats are not working for the American people, watching them speak Spanish for half of the debate would have done the job.
The poor guy with his kid on his back that drowned were coming to make money to build a home in El Salvador. His wife even said so, not an asylum seeker, he wanted economic prosperity.
Have they spoken to Castro in Spanish yet? lol
Estoy en Estados Unidos o en México? Pinche gringos güey
I await the Dora the Explorer memes.
I literally feel like I'm fucking insane. How are competent human beings using words like this?! Fucking radicals.
Mexican collusion
Robert is getting bullied
Texas here - we all feel like shit for giving the world Frances
They should all be "Quarantined".
Beto Spanish Translation: "Cappuccino. Big tits, mountains run to problem. Green. Merci beaucoup."
argue in spanish, too, guys!
This is the modern day version of snake oil salesmen.  They will tell you anything to get what they want.
Make illegal immigration legal? Did he really say that? What the fuck?
My TV is fucked. It keeps speaking Spanish.
I wish they'd argue in Espanol
None of these morons will be able to stand the heat when the get on the stage against Trump. Hes probably loving this right now
Beto: We shouldn't detain families who are fleeing violence.

I completely agree, but Beto doesn't go far enough. I believe if a family flees a violent, high-crime area and take refuge in Beto's community or inside his house without Beto's approval, America should not detain that family.
Julian Castro gets kickbacks from human traffickers: Confirmed.
Beto's looking no bueno.
#WE NEED TO SPEND OUR MONEY IN OTHER COUNTRIES!
__WHITE WOMAN NO SAVVY ESPAÑOL REEEEEEEEEE!__
Did those noble laureates come here legally or illegally?
BORING! LMAO!
Let the Honkening begin!
Bruh this Economy need AMERICANS.
#MOAR CHEEP LABOR
Did I really just hear her say we need more of them in our fields?
C'mon Amy give us a "no me gusta hombre naranja" SOMETHING. CMON.
* Debating in America

* Can't even speak English

What.
Yes and those nobel lauriettes came through study and for work legally, none of them put on shoes and walked in illegally you dipshit.
GUANTANAMO IS BETTER? GREAT SEND THE ILLEGALS THERE
"Should it be illegal to cross the border illegally?"

Umm....
Klobuchar is so full of shit. Immigration on merit ensures a high percentage of Nobel laureates.
Not our problem that these jackasses are illegally entering our country
**TRYING TO ATTACK GEOTUS WHEN HE CANT BEAT FAUXCAHONTAS**
3 week old diapers, dang
laying in their own snot with 3 week old diapers.....my sides.
Corey and Castro sitting in a tree...
"What you need to do is learn how to speak Spanish"

\-Obama
Why does this guy look like an NPC just in person? He looks like a generic guy from a Ghost Recon Campaign
"COREY BOOKER HAS MY WALLET"
#S    N    O    T

#N

#O

#T
These dumb fucks want to give the gangs and tyrants our money for driving their citizens out of their homes
So basically we need to help other countries before we help our own. okay
yeah, Corey has up close & personal experience with mental illness
They all look so fucking nervous.
Booker has the audacity to talk about crime? His district is a hot mess.
Los canidates hablando en español me hicieron rodar por el suelo riendo
Jay is scary looking. Not gonna win. Sorry bro
#SNOT
Catch and release was already tried and did not work. Where has Inslee been the last few years?
#BUILD THE WALL
He wants to hold a trial for each person who gets caught at the border? That's definitely possible
I call Booker: Chemo Michael Key.
All traitors
Should have just asked .. who all here is a traitor to their country?
There goes all the Tulsi fans talking about her not wanting to arm terrorists, which is exactly what the Iran deal did
What a bunch of jokers oh my gosh this is hilarious 🤡🌎.
holy fuck that moderator's 5 head
IT WAS NEVER RATIFIED NBC!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Lol why did Tulsi even show up hasn’t been asked a question
ooooh She pictures Trump in his bathrobe?
Waiting for one to slip and say they will impeach Trump if they get elected.
Trump won’t go to war with Iran.
Chinese Tencent owns Reddit, the DNC's propaganda tool of choice.
It's funny how every last one of them takes a shot at Trump.
If they sign back on to the Iran deal does that mean we send Iran another plane full of cash?
Brink of war!?  Kek
Amy: Foreign policy is only allowed between the hours of 10am-5pm.
Holy shit, she does killed herself saying get back in the deal.  Negative.  Not gonna happen.
Tulsi Freudian slip "Iran's mental development"
She would rather Iran have nukes *without* a confrontation. They get them either way.
Oh look the free shit, baby killing, freedom hating mob
please iran..please reinsert your dick into our ass! for the american people!
Hmmm...a movie about Poveratti.
I need some new glasses
Funny he said GEOTUS got no honeymoon.  You think, you fake news shill?  No honeymoon with the news???
2016 Exit Poll? You mean the polls that were completely wrong?
38% say he’s qualified on Election Day exit polls .... but he won in a landslide. Okay.
Muh guns. Let's talk about the tranny shooting it up
[⚡️@marc_lotter⚡️](https://twitter.com/marc_lotter/status/1144061294372425728):  
>Democrats UNANIMOUS in getting back into IRAN deal that sent pallets of cash to the largest state sponsor of terror in the world and provided a road map for Iran to have nuclear weapon. BAD FOR ISRAEL!
Cuck Todd
LOL WTF
I wish trump would walk out on stage doing the Vince McMahon strut.
NRA guy running the mikes! Lol
Holy crap warren's looks like a deer in headlights wtf
😂😂😂😂😂
[deleted]
Wait, so they're showing MSNBC on CNN.

Antitrust.
NO ONE KNOWS WHATS HAPPENING
They’re laughing at school shootings. REEEEE
I wish someone would ask warren if native Americans should receive reparations
LMAO
Even RSBN is laughing
Fail
There is So much pandering in the debate ...this is shameful.
How can they ban billions of getting guns...  Mics go down... Yep.
If dems cant get mics right can they run our country? NO!
The Russians must have taken control of the sound board.
Ah, Warren. She-who-lies-and-hears-no-truth-with-big-ears.
And to the mic person:
#YOURE FIRED
What a shit show, MSNBC is full of losers from top to bottom.
Nice job MS NPC.
##**DEMOCRATS ARE A MESS**
Madcow: How can we blame the sound issues on Trump?
These are the people coordinating the coop against Trump? Can't even turn off microphones.
Is the "BORING!" tweet being censored? You can't seem to submit the link. It says it's already been submitted, but there are no posts when you search for it.
The fact that Splinter & the Root are running the DNC is insane yet here we are!
Side note, where is the Hannity news from last night?
Lets have government run health care, still takes money from pharma companies commercials during debate
Who are those two dudes asking questions?
lol what a circus
After Tulsi Gabbard said, "no more wars." The audio started having issues. The dems really hate Tulsi.
Somewhere at Vox or Buzzfeed, someone is preparing an editorial on how the Russians hacked into the DNC Debate audio feed tonight.
Richard Madcow is fucking hideous.
It's clear that the Democrats having so many candidates is part of their strategy. With so many people, they know that the candidates can stick to emotional talking points without any substance behind it, and then attribute it to time constraints.
Here come the pocahontas crocodile tears
Did Warren just assume their gender?
Who's the young man sitting next to Cuck Todd?
Clown gang
The American people will never elect a harpy auntie President
If Republicans have a debate on FOX, Chris Wallace and other panelists try to challenge them, move them off talking points.

&#x200B;

NBC sets Democrats pet causes up on a tee.
Buyback my broken Mosin
Elizabeth Warren, what's your plan for gun violence?

"Well uh... I don't actually have a plan for that one..."
So if my gun has a malfunction, i will have to take it to the hospital?
Corrrie bookuh shoots peeeple in his boom boom hood
the size of those ear lobes
Oh my god Corey Booker the only black guy claims he's the only who has had a shooting in his neighborhood. This is the epitome of the race card.
I'm waiting for the attack on the NRA
Cory from the block 🎵🎵
How are all of those gunlaws for Chicago working out?
You don't live there liar.

Mailing address different than residence
Who's that guy sitting next to cuck Todd?
Interesting Strategy; reminding everyone what a shithole Newark is...
Elizabeth Warren running for the role of Miss Watson is this year’s production of Huck Finn
Booker is SO ANGRY. Like a chihuahua
Schools also have fire drills too. Guess we should have been terrified a long time ago.
School ahooting everyday or wveryweek???? GTFO
IS IT JUST ME OR DOES CASTRO LOOK LIKE AN ASIAN
Yeah, you believe that because you're cheating.
That's a No from me dawg, we're not going to be Venezuela or China, thanks
"They dont make a complete news cycle"  lol you're the news, dumb man-bitch
His name was SETH RICH
Notice everyone keeps mentioning things children supposedly told them
Why do we allow people to have fully semiautomatic assault rifles with under barrel chainsaws?
Social-emotional learning.

That's a new one.
Ohio boi don’t blink looks like a psycho who rapes bullies to death
Who is this guy? He get's it. Instead of targeting the gun.
My favorite word is Traumatized
Does Beto say anything except made up stories with fake names?
we need to eliminate the public school system, get the government OUT of education/indoctrination 

home/charter/private schools
##THANK GOD MADDOW IS SILENCING THE WHITE DEVILS.
Come and take it.  

&#x200B;

Beta Cucks
I'm gonna Red Flag Beto before he hurts someone.
Yup it’s a clown show for the sheep 👏🏼👏🏼
I think it's weird kids can't just be kids..
So the Dems want our children to be sitting ducks during a school shooting? Got it.
MAN THEY HONESTLY ARE MURDERING KLOBUCHAR WITH QUESTIONS
Uncle Dick's Deer Stand
Old Unky Dick
Yes that is confiscation
i couldnt force myself to watch, how bad is it?
We need to be ruled by 15 to 17 year olds. Confirmed.
These candidates will never win over rural America...they are nuts
Kids talk to their parents about gay marriage?
You do need a drivers license to buy a gun dumb dumb
These people are evil. They want us defenseless, then they want us dead.
From my cold dead hands you fucking anti-American socialists.  Never give up your 2A rights.
Should we require a license to vote
Day one of Gun confiscation and ban program:

Hello Officer, Id like to report a robbery. Yes, all the guns were taken. Please help and feel free to give me a call if you ever find them
Did Booker just admit Ginzburg is done for? Balance the supreme court?
Unless you're illegal. Then you can do whatever you want.
OMG Beto started talking in spanish...
Let Homer Simpson speak!
Lurch. Your entire police force hates you you dumb fucking cunt
Dems are gonna give illegal immigrants drivers licenses and then okay voter ID, just watch
Democrats dont know how to tell time
black baby card!
Race card thrown down.
Holy shit the jokes write themselves
DiBlasio __*black kid*__ card played. Bam!
Jesus fucking Christ.... fuck you bill.  No wonder police turned their back on you when you showed up to a police funeral.
They just love talking about taking away guns. Can't get off the subject!
What a load of shit
using your son for your political agenda, classy
Is it de Blaisos wife’s boyfriends kid?
Have they talked about trans abortion rights yet?
MUH BLACK SON
de Blasio will never in 1,000,000 years convince me that he's *on my side*
FUCK YOU DEBLASIO. YOU EVIL, INFANTICIDE SUPPORTING DEMON.
As the cops turn their backs on you deblasio...
This guy is a total piece of shit
What a dumbass... We’re a ****CONSTITUTIONAL REPUBLIC**** NOT A DEMOCRACY
They're really giving Warren all the time.  It's this the new, "her turn?"
booker the big dummy lol
Who's this guy?
Pocahontas seems more chipper than usual from the cocaine hit
These politicians are disgusting they are just such politicians every single time it's a story about some random person that doesn't exist that said something that never happened
LOL playing the black card
Corey really wants us to know he's African american
The Pandering
Which one of these bitches is gonna debate Pence?
What's wrong with his Meth mouth?
Corey: I'M BLACK, VOTE FOR ME
The Democratic Debate:

Act 1: Orange man bad
Act 2: Turtle man bad
Act 3: ….
I’m glad to see Spartacus doesn’t answer questions.
Climate change Inslee is underwater with his underbite  and no upper teeefs
"our towns are burning"
FREE MUH NIBBA WOO-WOO
Lmfao they are trying to steal credit for the First Step act.
Muh towns our burning!
a "Vision statement" lol
"This question is for you" 

Hmmmmmm
"The GOLD standard of putting people to work"

Nice way to say you are pissing all over them.
How does importing in millions of illegals help the environment?
We're just going to spend our way out of everything it's going to be okay guys
LOL at the tight shot on Beto to prevent Flailcam.  They cut away for a full second and his right arm was in full flappy mode.
Sob stories for emotional voters.
BETO can't ever answer a question LMAO I hope he gets the nom
I can't wait until the government tells me my house isn't Green enough, so they can fine me into foreclosure,  and claim my house due to a lien!!!
Building sea walls? Walls don't work, duh
Sea walls sound pretty fucking fishophobic if you ask me.
These set-up softball questions are a fucking joke.
WTF is beta even saying???
Castro is a tool. No way you would be elected with your last name.
Debate summary so far, platitude, platitude, platitudes, also we’re going to take your rights and raise your taxes because guns and climate change. Weapons of war!
Castro has experience, fuckers!
I just want to know if we're getting too hot or too cold. No one seems to know any more. It can't possibly be because it's all a big fat massive lie, can it????
Raising revenue.....you mean taxing the public?
There goes Warren acting like school shootings are common place in America. Get the fuck out of here.
This guy is too smart. Naturally he'll be out very soon.
How did we go from climate change to raising revenue?  What ate these candidates whining on about?
Tim Ryan says the Dems lost their connection to working-class people.  BULLSHIT, Tim:  your party *leaders* OPENLY DECLARED that they were turning their backs on them!
If you close your eyes and listen, Dulaney sounds like a sober-er Kasich
All the socialist agree socialism works! You just have to do it right! 😂😂😂
Here comes the Tulsi killshot.
LEFT FIELD GAAAAAAAY
Gabbard, I identify as a trans gray haired 65 year old.  Can I qualify for medicare?
People are still getting lynched? 😂
You know, this entire Debate makes you think.....how in the hell did these absolute lunatics get elected?
Why does Tusli have grey hair, she's like 30.
Booker always has to play the race card.
Did corey booker just interrupt a woman to talk about trans?


wow
African American trannies! For some reason Cory is very worried about this... Hmmmmmm
Who is this young chick. Siding with the mentally ill transgender people.
Jesus Christ lynching? Really?
"But I like gays more! Vote for me!"
What an absolute pander-fest
PREPARE FOR SPANISH-BALCK SPEAK
Better child care or abortions you have to pick one.
Cory: y'all know I'm black right? Did I tell you I am black? Please clap
I think they just make this stuff up.
[Moderator: "Do you have a plan to 'deal' with @senatemajldr?"  Warren: "I do."  *crowd applause*  A good chief always has a plan.](https://twitter.com/dailycaller/status/1144068042919469056?s=21)
The debate summed up 

Everyone agrees with everyone else and orange man bad
Pander, pander, pander!
African American Trans American — That’s a mouthful haha. Mentally ill
Amy should find a way to un-hit her face with a frying pan.
Klobuchar would like to speak to the manager
I try to be [*gay*](https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/gay);  *joy* is a commendable trait.

Will LGBT+* be accepting?
And here comes the white people hate
Ah the white people bad time of the debate
"We need to recognize racial and social justice."

Didn't Reddit supposedly hate SJWs?
Castro the only Latino??? 

What about Beto?
Epic yawn
Dude sleepin in the front row
but but but I thought Beto was latino?
Lol @ the dude yawning
I think everyone is already done with night one.

Bring on Biden vs Bernie!
Oooh fun....let's talk about South African genocide!
RRRRRUUUUUUUUSSSSSSSIIIIAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Like Rwanada? Dems did a great job with that mess, oh wait they didnt do anything because they refused to call it a genocide at the time.
Beto spewing the Russian conspiracy again lol
Beta talking about foreign policy is like my dog talking about quantum mechanics.
Did y'all get your Putin checks already? Mine still hasn't shown up
Genocide?  WTF are they going on about now?
DeBlasio is hilarious. 0%
This solved nothing.
These people are weak. I look forward to whichever one of them has the balls to debate Trump.
Morning News cejas technical difficulties
No mention of the "humanitarian intervention" the US did in Libya
Timmy is a little pissed now hahaha
cucked by muh woman soldier
Castro is an anti-white piece of shit. Most of the people on stage are, but he takes the cake.
Why is this guy Yelling?
Roasted
God this guy is getting rekt by the Hawaii chick
Get your terrorist right Tim!
Tim Ryan makes me feel like he is gonna show up in my bedroom in the middle of the night.
Orange man bad
Tulsi just smacked the shit out of Ryan
John "Could You Repeat the Question?" Delaney
All of these candidates are weak and jokes.
whoaaa flying planes into buildings, who does that?!
"Congressman Gabbard."  Man, these PC asswipes will not even call her a gender-appropriate title.
Muh Russia
what is the cuban missile crisis
OMG. This is such bullshit
The second last guy seems to have at least one toe in reality.
oh geez here comes the muh Russia part
Beto sounds so dramatic at literally everything he says haha
My peach mints.
FUCKING PICK ONE, COREY
Here we go... peach mints!!!!
who can virtue signal the most...it's pathetic
#MUH RUSSIA!!1
Donald Trump is the greatest threat to America huh? What a clown LOL
It's a REPUBLIC!
"We must impeach now and have the facts later"
Mueller's Report says NO COLLUSION, NO OBSTRUCTION.

Dems are clinging to a wild conspiracy because they know they can't beat him.
Beto O Dork looks like he needs to take a massive shit
Robbie is so confused.
Lol Trump FB post.  BORING!
Hey any word about tech giants and banks silencing your opposition? Undermining “democracy” as you put it? Ah of course not, Dems are a bunch of hypocrites.
F
Pander-monium my goodness.
Projection level 100.
They try so hard to formulate actual policies, but all their base cares about is IMPEACH
HOW MANY OF THOSE COUNTIES ARE RED
Federal voter ID
Klobuchar charge batshit-crazy
What a MESS!
Lots of empty seats
Here's the canned speeches!
Son of LEGAL immigrants
Holy shit this libtard twitch stream is so fucking funny holy shit omg this has to be memed. Guy said some stupid shit about how he didn’t expect Cory Booker to know about gay stuff, (lol guess somebody doesn’t know the accusations) but he thought he wouldn’t know because he’s black. The left is so racist without even figuring out what they say is racist
They took all our flairs when they quarantined us.

As if I don't know I am a Super Elite.
deblasio is a piece of trash
I lived in NYC, I had to move away for a better life.
Alex Jones interviewee, "who impressed you the most."  Answer "It's hard to say."  Lol
This guy thinking it's easy being President.

President Trump not bought or paid for. Can't get infrastructure, healthcare, trade deals approved.

But a balding guy no one ever heard of will!
REEEEE CIS GENDER SCUM
The dems divided us
Ryan really pushing the working class angle.
Get a load of Dr Seuss over here, the waitress in Wisconsin, Teacher in Texas and the Alien in Arizona.
Spanish!!! Castro you moron.
Hola motherfuckers!
Tomorrow is going to be so good
the upvote finger is gettin a workout tonight
Tulsi would be really hot if she didn't talk.
Welp lemme turn my captions back on.
Castro makes me want to barf, how many people are watching this debate that don't speak English, you dumbass.
Klob is like... yeah I'm a career politician sucking the blood off my state.... Vote for me
MUH RACISM, REEEEE
Trump would kill Klubachar.
Look at these dingbats. What a bunch of clowns. Don't forget what they did to Kavanaugh. Never forget.
Them pandering by speaking spanish makes me upset.
LMAO Amy must have gotten into Nancy's booze supply.
Castro is my least favorite candidate by far he’s dangerous
Spartacuck is such a fake.
This Amy chick is dumber than a pile of rocks.
Amy is going to beat some assistants ass after this
I think this whole debate can be summed up as:

# #Technical Failures
Obamas picture of aluminum blankets
People who equate race to violence abortions, not affording healthcare and dshitty neighbourhoods are racist by definition. Thinly veiled stereotyping racism. Did anyone talk about black or Hispanic people in any manner tonight outside of being victims and being treated unfairly ?
Anybody that still Falls for this bullshit is seriously unintelligent
I feel censored just watching
Beto translated:I'm not on this stage for Mollie. I'm on this stage to push a communist agenda and finally put a stranglehold on this country and deliver the death blow.
Of course they want Elizabeth Warren to end it.
I believe we can make America great again Elizabeth
$50 DOLLARS IS A LOT FOR 1913
is she crying?
I have three older brothers, all of them were Cherokee warriors who fought in the Battle of the Little Bighorn.
Young people don’t vote wacko. I know this because I am one. Nobody is even watching you on stage except the older demographic. Rather play video games or post on their Snapchat.
10 more bozos tomorrow night boys! Cya then.
COLLEGE APPLICATION OH MY GOD
"Born and raised on an indian reservation..."
I have more Indian blood in me than Warren, and I don't have any! - GEOTUS
Say it Warren Say MAGA!
These days she could've just applied for a minority scholarship and gone straight to Harvard. Seems like more opportunity to me
I say Warren vs Biden for nominee
SAD!
>We had some technical delays today, right?

>Yeah the spanish was AWESOME YASSSS
McCaskill is surprised there wasn't more Trump attacking. She ran in Missouri in 2018 as someone who wouldn't attack Trump and she got steamrolled by Republicans. What a fake cunt. Glad we got rid of her.
The absence of talking about the man we spend every waking minute talking about despite it not connecting to the public whatsoever was surprising. Are we out of touch?
Holy shit this stream is good
is this only going to be viewable live?
I didn't watch it, but I can guess how it went down. Pandering to everyone but the working class, abortion & free shit.
Don't have a single Dem friend talking about this on the antisocial media sites. LOW ENERGY!
[💝😘@GOPChairwoman😘💝](https://twitter.com/GOPChairwoman/status/1144089764653674497):  
>2020 Democrats spent the evening arguing over fringe ideas like a government takeover of health care, open borders, no protections for human life & massive tax hikes.

>We stand with @realDonaldTrump as he continues to fight for us & deliver a historic comeback for our country!
Beta is a pandering little bitch.
Lizzy Warren looks like she smells of old woman wool
College and healthcare, both government controlled
Lol Amy you might as well drop out now you don't stand a chance
why the fuck is Beto speaking Spanish were in America
Beto is finished. Speak in American, you loser!
Warren again??? Hillary 2.0
ALL FOAM NO BEER!
First orange man bad comment tonight
Honestly, Tulsi is the only one who isn’t a complete waste of a human life.
Make dreamers citizens? Not a chance buddy. I could get on board with permanent residency but full citizenship? Hell no.
This is a joke.

This a joke that isn't funny anymore, I'm sorry but this isn't funny anymore. I was hoping for a 2016 repeat but this, this is fucking \*\*pathetic\*\*.

2020 is gonna be boring, easy win.
Not only are we quarantined, we also face “downvote farms” deployed by David Brock and his cuck basement dwellers as evident in this thread....
Africa trans americans! LMAO 0.000001% of the pop
My girl Tulsi killin it?
So glad that's over.  I need to cleanse my TV after watching NBC
this is why they quarantined the sub this is going to be amazing.
Will my NBC stream give me a warning about the flagrant disregard for American values and the Constitution that is to follow? Just seems fair, ya know?
INFOWARS LIVESTREAM: www.clownworld.us
i cant believe a guy named castro thinks he can win the election
Democrats:

FREE FREE FREE FREE FREE

oh, edit: orange bad man too
... Let me guess... They picked out questions for them.
Um... why is he speaking Spanish? Is it a mandate from Telemundo?
**I can't watch this fucking bullshit. These anti-American socialist motherfuckers can eat a gigantic bag of multi-cultural dicks.**
oh my god this is etter than I hoped
Looks like Trump may not be tweeting tonight, so if you guys are on board I will try to switch over to a tweet stream of the accounts mentioned by Trump in his earlier tweet that are fact checking.
pocahontas seems like the lead seller of a betty crocker pyramid scheme.
Why are they all so shaky when they speak?
Warren: we need to force companies to produce in America.

Trump: no shit.
That audience is worse than the slobs cheering at everything Bethesda said about Fallout 76 this year.
All foam and no beer?

Look at this loser trying to pretend like she is one of the people. I've literally never heard anybody say that.
Beta forgot to mention the kid was 500lbs and eats a bag of cookies and a liter a cola for breakfast
Didn't Gabbard go to Syria and find out Obama was funding/arming ISIS?
I’ve cringed so many times I think I’ve broken my neck. Oh wait, me casa es tu casa
I hope Latinos can see through these pandering assholes!
I’m sorry did Booker just call Julian Castro Jose?
OOOOOHHH, THAT'S Why Booker looked so mad when Robert Francis started off by speaking Spanish. He wanted to be the one to do it first.
We re getting 400,000 illegals pouring in a month. So they want open borders which means 1,000,000 a month? That’s what’s they’re sellin
This Alex Jones stream is fucking hilarious.
Can they stop speaking in Spanish? I know illegal aliens make up half of their voter base but still.
The pro-Iran propaganda coming from the DNC and the MSM recently has been highly concerning to me. What the hell? I mean, there's stupid, there's evil, and then there's suicidal. What the hell is going on?
Why do you think you’re the only one who’s heard gunshots Cory? Because you’re the only black person on stage?
You shaky, shrill bitch. Stfu
Celsius bro? GTFOH and skate board off a cliff
Where the fuck are Hillary’s emails? When are the perps going to jail?
Why does Beto always look like he got raped and hes going to tell the cops what happened before he speaks?
But tomorrow the heavy hitters that have the best chance are on stage. #AlexJonesPostShow don't forget about them
Here we go!
Posting before the brownshirts kick in the door!
hey, they can pin and everything! this ain't so bad
pocahontas has the center podium!
Streisand effect is a great opportunity to red pill a ton of new visitors to this sub.
This debate will either be dramatic or boring. Either way it's going to be a shit show.
Commie, commie, commie, commie, commie, commie, commie, commie, commie, and commie
Anyone spot rainbow hair?
Rachel Maddow moderating? lmao
There's not a single winner on that debate stage. Just a bunch of progressives lying about something.
Holy fuck Warren looks like a zombie
That's a hell of a question
I chose not to watch but MAGA KAG
lmao Pocahontas trying to downplay the economy
LatinX?
The economy is great for whites who pretend to be Indian.
Ok. Are you going to offer a solution, pocahontas!
Highest black unemployment ever but don’t let facts get in the way of your agenda.
Damn what an ugly dude
Free firewater
Name drop DJT #1. 

Lets keep score
My god Trump is going to absolutely destroy these people when the time comes
F-REEEEEEEEEEEEEE 

EVEREEEEEEEEEEEEEEETHING
Amy is nervous
Already cringing at these people.
People wonder why trump won? Because they just spew the same boring stuff. I’m already bored. They can’t keep five seconds of my attention.
Where’s the Beto bot?
LOL BETO YOU FUCK
Beto just cuckfucked himself
Fucking LOL at Beta speaking Spanish 😆
bruh English wth
ENGLISH MUTHAFUCKA. DO YOU SPEAK IT?!?!?
You're not fooling anyone Robert Francis.
The fuck am i watching telemundo?
Omg Beto is speaking Spanish!
I hope he knows that him speaking Spanish makes him appear condescending, not cool.
this economy must work for everyone

Y el gobierno comunista se asegurará de que todos sean pobres.
Automatic and SAME DAY voter registration.  There it is folks.
These people are morons.
I AM SPURTACUS!
Let's meme baby
That's already exceeding my expectations lol 

LATINX Pocahontas and Beta speaking spanish. The shot of them looking at Beto, booker lol.
This whole thing is like a Miss America pageant.
He didn't answer the question....
We see it in conservatives censored on dom reddits.
Senator, define a living wage. And if everyone were pushed up to that lving wage, wouldn't prices for goods go up?
Booker looks frightened. HAHAHA
At least the moderators so far are doing pretty good
So far all the Dems are just using talking points. Hilarious. They have no shot.
I was just typing that Corey Booker forgot to say we need an economy that works for everybody and there he goes.
Cryy bookers face lololl
It's her turn guys!
I think "consolidation" is going to be the new buzz word.
Warren going for the moderate vote
"Fights for the people in this country".

Hmmmmm.....
And who are the monopolistic companies you're going to call out, Ms. Littlefoot Warren?
Women are paid fairly in this country... why are dems running on issues from 50 years ago
WAGE GAP TIME
Tonight's line-up of losers haha. I love this sub.
Warren hitting the monopolies hard.  She will get kicked out my the Deep State shortly.  RIP Pocahontas's Presidential bid.
#Good thing those trillion dollars companies don't support Trump whatsoever!
Equal rights! Lol. What a fucking clown
What would the ERA accomplish? Aren't all US citizens protected under the 14th Amendment?
Oooh, Pocahontas is wearing purple.
White men bad! Vote Democrats!
I wonder if Julian is going to translate Beto for us
Look Donald Trump Is RACIST

And just because you have more money in your pocket

and a Job to go to instead of being on welfare....

Hire me i really want this job

I'll give you anything
Tonsils Gabbbbbagabbagabba hey
Well shit, I'm going to identify as a woman now so I get paid as much as my boss!
Wasn’t the question about women’s pay, soldier?
They bitch about Trump putting Americans first and now say he doesn’t put Americans first?!?!? WHAT THE FUCK
Tulsi is sexy I don't care what anyone says hnng
Please clap
ZIMBABWE DOLLARS
Why don't we just invest our money in things we need?  We don't need the government to do that.
I hate canned speeches that don't even try to answer the question. Come on...
Has anyone answered a question yet?
Please clap
Why isn't the commie there
$15 min wage and cut hours
Did each of these clowns bring a seal to clap?
Beto didnt even answer the question. What a retard. He wouldve said that same scripted response to any question she asked lol
Bill Blasio world class 🤡
This guy would be a great American ambassador to the UK. He's got the teeth.
70% tax on the wealthy? I mean...really? What rich person is going to stick around for that?
Mayor De Blasio. Why do you suck?
Who the fuck is this guy?
Bill Blasio stay out of my wallet!
Everyone in nyc is becoming equally poor, asshole
this is seriously the VP-tryouts lineup right here.

beta o'rourke will likely shoot for a VP selection now that he has crashed and burned as a POTUS nominee.
This is hilarious 🤣🤣🤣🤣
John Delaney looks like someone who will never be president
Tax America into equal earnings aka income redistribution
>Here's a bullshit question

"Let me avoid that bait because I know I'll have 10 seconds to speak tonight"
Loving the energy in here. 
  
This quarantine is great.
How the hell did this turd beat Bongino?!?
"the obama admin gave you an award"

who didn't they give an award to?
CringeCringeCringeCringeCringeCringeCringeCringeCringeCringespazisacuckCringeCringeCringeCringeCringeCringeCringeCringeCringeCringeCringeCringeCringeCringeCringe
this guy.... OOOOOH i made jobs

one of trump's hotels has 5 times the number of jobs that guy made
BILL WITH THE FREE SHIT!!! 70%%%%%
Is he trying not to cry?
No one knows who you are, baldy!
ORANGE MAN BAD
Cool we have a business man in office now already. NEXT
Prove that clean energy jobs would actually be good for the environment, please.
Saturday and Sunday did not exist before unions.
This guy has crazy eyes.
They’re actually socialists. Anyone who had any doubt just needs to turn this on.
So....he’s saying POTUS is right?
Amazing watching these folks act like we’re in a recession. Lmao. Even they know.
Yeaaaaaah more unions, its not right the CEO of Mcdonalds make 2000x more than the ppl flipping the burgers. I will tax ever business owner 93%, $10 million dollars is enough for any 1 person. Vote for me.
Haven’t seen a raise since 1980? Someone fact check that complete bullshit.
Dominate solar choke me daddy - Timmy Ohio
Luckily crazy liberals would never vote for Tulsi
Cigarettes cause cancer but they also cause jobs too. What a circus
Oh, you lost jobs in GM because GM hates America?? Great, blame Trump.
OOooo Ohio boi so spicy saying MEXICO BAD, CHYNA BAD! He's gonna give the hosts a heart attack if he keeps it up.
Does India care about being green? What about China?
Pocahontas is actually whooping all of them .
Warren says she has spent a lot of her time looking at why companies go broke. 

Guess that's why she never gets anything done in Congress.
\>all foam no beer

&#x200B;

CRINGE MY SIDES
He’s just signed the transparency order for drug prices to bring down prices.
Warren is NBC's choice.  They put her with some very weak candidates and they are giving her a lot more time.
Why is the fake indian answering so many questions
I would be ok with medicare for all if these retards didn't want to give it to illegals and half of subsaharan Africa
Beto is no longer sure because his focus group polled lower than expected
So are they going to keep going to Liz for every response or are they going to let other people talk?
Betos white shirt is too big.
What a smug pos
BTFO Beto! 😂
Lemme guess, they all have walls around their mansions, chauffeurs, and security right. Let’s drop all these leftist fools in the Rio Grande for a night or two
oh snap here comes the progressive vs center democrat spat
How many times have they said Trump?
will the second half of the debate involve jello wrestling, i hope!?
"Private healthcare isnt working"

My health insurance is doing great for me, idk about you guys.
This whole debate is all foam and no beer.
CAT FIGHT CAT FIGHT
Beto lost the stage. He's fucked. VP candidate only from now on.
Keep what’s working, fix what’s broken.


Duh....
24 minutes in and a Democrat finally started to turn the guns on someone other than Trump and America. De Blasio went after Beto, sort of.
I like my hospitals thank you.
Do we have a count going for how often “free” is said?
IBEW baby
That dude was ight
Spartacus!
Corrry Bookends


People without healthcare are sick and African American Cory bookers
Universal healthcare is ineffective in every country it’s been attempted in
In my community. Collectivist scum
Spartacus won’t be president 😂
Cory Booker is by far the slimiest, most evil person on this stage. His words compared to his record is unbelievable.
TLDW: KAG 2020
Roberto keeps making the illu minati symbol.

Also, these people are functionally retarded.
OVERHEAD IS 15%%%%%% 


Peeeepole nut profffitttzzz


Sucked bulllions out of hulthcare  iBeth! Please clap
23 billion dollars the Healthcare system made

and Warren's Program costs 1.3 Trillion 

&#x200B;

oh yeah that'll pay for it
How dare they go after PROFITS?! THE FUCKING NERVE OF THEM!
Theres a reason why people.had to pay a tax if they didn't take obamacare... They couldn't afford it!!
The Indian got more time than any of them.
Wow what is with these candidates turning a Medicare for all debate into abortion virtue signaling.
Here goes the pandering olympics!
So you pay into the Medicare system over a lifetime of work, then you retire and get the benefits.  

You can't just throw every American to draw on that system.
I'm confused.  Do they all have the exact same platform?
Spartacucks says he'll refuse to wait. Guess he's never heard of congress.
Insurance supporting abortion. Great. But they can't say the word! It's too scary!
All insurance companies should be banished!

Auto, home, health....
So women and free healthcare, so far
“I’m the only candidate who wants to kill babies.” Actually it’s all of them.
We gave $20B to Mexico. Big deal.
A bunch of people would be in the emergency room if there was a drinking game for the term "human right" in this debate
Lester Holt going to declare halfway through this debate lmao
Klobachar: I think I’ve been pretty firm in my belief that killing babies is very progressive and good for society
Since Trump is busy being President I have changed the live updating tweets in my stream to Team Trump. https://player.angelthump.com/?channel=chippyr
Lmao this shit is too funny. It’s like a Comedy show😂
Klobuchar: give me the forceps!
Oh, here we go with the "trans community" pandering.
Ah I cant wait for roe v wade to be overturned. Going to be such a sweet day
oh yeah .... lets not forget the trans-females ... there are literally tens of millions of trans-females in the country
[🔥 @TrumpWarRoom 💥](https://twitter.com/TrumpWarRoom/status/1144054519468318720}):  
>In April, the unemployment rate for women hit 3.4 percent, the lowest women’s unemployment rate in nearly 66 years. #DemDebate  

>The unemployment rate for women has been under 4 percent for 21 straight months, the longest streak since 2001. 

>In President Trump’s first year in office, the number of American women in poverty fell by nearly 600,000. #DemDebate
Why do so many look like they are about to cry.
Castro , you arent very smart are ya...
20 people lying for 4 hours straight.

Americans that watch this must be really bored.

Spez: 20 people pandering for 4 hours straight too.
bunch of clowns. Worst of all they're incredibly unfunny
LOL the look on Bookers face
Oh god, clown world mode has been activated
FATHER'S RIGHTS NOW!

NO TERM WITHOUT OUR SPERM
I swear when Cory Booker's talking it's like at any minute he's going to break into Kermit the Frog voice
Corey taking a swing at Biden now.
A national emergency for pharma...
His district is a hot mess and now we should care.
Are they one upping each other on killing babies?
They all are paid for by dark corporations but lie about it
Beta don’t stutter buddy
Beto speak Spanish Papi’
Go police the pharmaceutical companies but sit around and wonder why drugs cost so much
here we go immigration time
Pro-tip:

Snapchat makes this debate much easier to watch 😂

https://streamable.com/hg2b6
If you can’t differentiate yourself from 20 other milquetoast Dems you have literally zero chance against Trump.
Lol wtf was that commercial
Why is Pocahontas so angry? Did someone eat her pow wow chow?
Oooohh, so dramatic.
This is a spooky story
These people are fucking lunatics! LOL this is what arts colleges gets you, Bernie Sanders
Booker's eyes are splayed out.  Really creepy
Too much emphasis! Lol.
Trying to sneak in because asylum was denied*
Those people who died in Mexico by trying to cross a river? Trump's fault.
“Migrants”
If you are coming here to claim asylum why aren't you going to a port of entry instead of trying to cross the river?????
#TEACH THEM TO SWIM
“They got frustrated so they broke the law”
Wataymala
Play stupid games win stupid prizes, o-scar.
Hahaha
A kid died abusing the asylum laws.

Womp womp
@realDonaldTrump: BORING!
Ohhhh FFS Booker
That Trump tweet tho hahaha
That dickhead moderator Jose. His narration of the children at the border tho.... that was great!
Oh my lord Cory,  pandering to Mexicans.
OMG LOL
This dude wants us to rebuild Guatemala?
Dudes, they're all showing off how bilingual they are!
Why the fuck are they all speaking different languages?
What about AMERICANS?
Wtf!!!  Cory speaking in tongues
Soy Spartacus!!
Booker now speaks in tongues...
BORING
ole!
Who is going to go ahead and speak Spanish for the rest of the debate?
catro doesn't want to separate trafficked kids from their handlers
take a drink every time warren  refers to pocahontas
De Blasio is such a fucking scum bag - sleeze ball to the max
Why is de blasio even there
I feel bad for all the people illegal immigrants kill in our country.
Hola Amigos !!! Donde es el Shitshow???
Booker’s eyebrows working OT tonight.
So basically, they are promising to do everything Trump has already done. Plus, they will take more of my paycheck to help me pay for things I'm not responsible enough to pay for. Fuck that
Big corporations that pay you did that to you, idiot! Wait.. what?
Tell the blacks that that have been ethnically cleansed from southern California
BETO SHUT UP PLEASE
Did these people forget they are the 1%?
I hope tomorrow is less retarded than this one.  Wow.
Take a shot whenever Beto speaks Spanish.
Beto, biting his lip..... "You've got this Francis. You can do this"
DeBlasio going kamikaze on Beta hahahahaha
This is so pathetic
oh shit they're about to turn on each other
summary of debate so far: fuck borders n laws n shit
THANK YOU TELEMUNDO FOR MAKING THIS THE FUNNIEST DEBATE EVER! CLOWNS ALL OF THEM!
Working people                 
Illegal aliens                
               
Pick one.
BETO HOW DARE YOU TALK OVER A DISPARAGED MEXICAN YOU PRIVILEGED WHITE MALE
Why are they speaking Mexican? To appeal to those illegal voters?
[deleted]
###COME TO AMERICA! GET FREE STUFF! W000T!!!
English motherfuckers, do you speak it?
These comments are great! Upvotes for everyone. This shit is hilarious and insane. Si Si!!
Yes, start the infighting...
Poor immigrants didn’t destroy the USA, corporations did.... it’s not destroyed? If it is why are they coming here!?!? They are not responsible for their countries failures!?!? I vehemently DISAGREE
I made it through 15 minutes before the urge to throw my phone kicked in.
deadliest countries? did he just agree with President Trump that there are some shithole countries?
How many minutes are the men getting vs. the women? Shouldn't it be exactly 50/50? Even though there are more men than women? That's not fair!
Trump should speak in Russian for the next debate. Just to troll the shit out of Dems
RULE OF LAW

deport ALL the invaders!

NO AMNESTY!
This is absolute clown world - all these fucking people speaking Spanish what the fuck planet is this
Bunch of soyboy cucks, embarrassing
It's a mistake, Beto. You fucked up, Beto. C'mon, Beto.
Poor Delaney sitting at the end and nbc just cut her off
Hahaha the moderators don’t want the debate going there or they’re all toast
Where's my fuckin free pony?
The men won’t let the women talk
https://twitter.com/TulsiGabbard/status/1144058895863832577?s=20
These guys make Carter look like an extreme right winger
Wait a minute how does our economy need immigrants if our economy is so terrible?!
Timmy Ryan looking scarededed
How does America "need" more immigrants? We're not facing a population crisis
This guy looks like he lives underwater most of the time
I’m fine with legal immigrants coming here working and living the American dream. That’s great but if your here illegally you should be deported
#BORING!
they all got them crazy eyes
Booker, Castro, Beto: I'LL OUT MEXICAN YOU PUTA
Send em to Guantanamo bay! Great idea!
What a mad lad.

https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/1144056731653169152?s=19
Quarantine me in Guantanamo I want a Baycayshunnn
This is more like a class president debate. When do we get to the free ice cream portion of the debate?
Are you fucking kidding me hahahaha
so they're all for open borders?
She just pulled the “Who’s going to pick our ~~cotton~~ fruit” card!
Read my lips: no new hispanics.
Legal immigrants you dummy
Oh my fucking Jesus. 

We need more affordable healthcare!!

Oh while you're at it can you pull away doctors from their hospitals and clinics and treat illegals?
The TDS is strong with that one
This is a damn mess with little substance. It's funny how only 2 out of 10 democrats are willing to switch to the socialist healthcare plan they're promoting. Makes no sense. Also, someone tell these morons that no one is against LEGAL immigration. It's like they're purposefully being obtuse.
Bro Obama did the same shit
I'm as convinced as ever that next election will be a repeat of 1972
We get to just make shit up now. Sweet!
It is America's job to provide diapers for mexico.
Elizabeth Warren is gonna have to start speaking Cherokee.
Oh yes, now the Trump bashing
laws are irrelevant now, none of them are enforced see Hillary
Dems are so crazy!

When you see the camera pan the crowd, you see alot of pissed off faces. Dems are sick!
Please clap
"give me your wallet" XD
Crime is the real enemy. Our country has made so many mistakes by criminalizing things. -Booker
El queso esta viejo y podrido. ¿Donse esta el sanitario?
Booker seems like the Theranos CEO chick with those crazy eyes.
Mexico needs to fix Mexico. We need to Keep America Great.
All the pandering in Spanish would be an SNL skit, if SNL was actually funny.
"Learn to code, screw that...I need to learn Spanish".
Have these idiots talked about what they would do for Americans yet?
"Immigrants arent taking your jobs"

"We need immigrants"
Booker bout to break down and fake tear on stage
Ok everybody on the bus to Seattle. Vamos!
Dreamers are inspirational, why?  Damn, that pander!
Wheel out the neoliberal rhetoric.
Lol so in Washington state “Refugee” first Americans second according to their governor
Booker: He backed out of the deal and gave us transparency into their nuclear program.
reFUgEes welcome
He promised free college for illegal immigrants?!
These people are unbelievable.  Let's send some more cash to Iran. Unbelievable.
Spartacus never surrendered so fast
i thought the iran deal wasnt actually ratified by congress?
"Wrong."
This whole batch of candidates have no chance.
we have to prevent the iranians from enriching nuclear snot
Do the Dems know there is no draft pick to tank for?
&#x200B;

I wonder if Iran used any of that cash Obama gave them to further their nuclear program?
Tulsi has been allowed to talk once. Lol
I want to see GEOTUS in a bathrobe

please
I think she really hates Trump
Edward James Olmos!
WA WA WA WA ... WAR
Tulai Gabbard swiftly dodging the Hezbollah question.
"Tulsi, voters think you're too young."

"Say no more, I'll die my hair white."
Trump stopped the war
Iran is not our friend you moron. Trump did not create this situation. They’ve been a problem since 1979!
Is tulsi actually hot or are all the other Dems just that ugly?
##**SCRUMPF IS DONE**
Trump the peacenik is now a war hawk?
Handing billions of dollars in cash to Iran is a little imperfect
Hahahah sorry Bill
"There would have to be a response"  ---chicken hawk confirmed.
she wants BIC

big iranian cock
Remember when people here liked Tulsi?
Democrat telling Trump to put America first 😂😂😂 how about you?
They want to push the inevitability of an Iranian nuclear missile coming to the west 20 years down the line. We need to prevent any future of a nuclear missile coming to the west. Policy of appeasement doesn’t work, and that’s what dems are running on.
I can't watch anymore. It's just retarded. 

I gave it an hour and it's all just bullshit platitudes.
Lol these poll numbers tho
These folks act uncivilized
Lord i cant handle the cuckery
Do the democratic candidates take a basic skills test prior to the debates.  I mean, I know they say stupid stuff but I need to know if it's intentional or if they just lack the use of their brain.
##WHERE ARE THE TRANNYS!?!  I AM LITERALLY SHAKING AT THIS POINT.  WHITE MEN ARE NOT DIVERSE!  WHY IS THIS NOT 100% DIVERSE!?!?
Holy look at this little angry dude on the left
I'm calling it right now. Landslide win for Trump in 2020. 40-45 states.
Taking odds on which candidate Biden will pop-up from behind tonight.
Maddow top, Todd Bottom
Moderators:  “Candidates, how do you explain that *you are all losing to Joe Biden?!*
A wild lashing Maddow appears - one angry man with cosmetic glasses!
Oh shit I thought it was over.
Climate guns!  woooo
Not even the mics work!
Cuck Todd.
Muh' assault weapons.
**HERE IS CUCK TODD**
GUNS GUNS GUNS!
So stupid they can't operate a mixing board.
🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡show. I've seen high school debates with better production
What a bunch of fuckups
Hahahaha
SUPER ELITE
pure incompetence
LOL what a shit show
What a fucking disaster. Complete trash presentation - worse than ESPN during the NBA playoffs
RUSSIA DID IT!!!!!!
shit.....show....
They're so stupid.
CLOWN WORLD!
Lmao what a cluterf**k.
HAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAH THEY HAD TO CUT TO A BREAK
###**ahahahhaAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAAAHHAHHAHA**
Rachel Maddow is the best looking guy there
WHAT A SHITSHOW OMG LOL
Haha. As if they needed to reinforce that they’re all total losers on a loser network. Hahaha
The Democratic party in a nutshell
Can someone ELI5 what a "quarantine" is? Are we banned from all other subs now?
🤡🌎
Mic lines like Bernie's brains: scrambled.
https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/1144056731653169152?s=20
They talk all this shit about pharma, run pharma commercials in every break GG
Keep forgetting to unmute the dems' debate and to "seriously" watch it but having too much fun on The_Donald. I check in for 3 seconds before I go REEEEEEEEEEEE GET ME OUTA HERE.
What the fuck are they even doing?
This is a long break!
I'm so triggered
[https://twitter.com/parscale/status/1144063184246063105](https://twitter.com/parscale/status/1144063184246063105)
I want the commercials to last forever.
Same media that wants government run health care will work as well as their mics
Mr. Madcow and Cuck are back!
Apart from blatant voter fraud, and dead people, these anti-American lunatics would never have a chance at the Presidency. And they still don't!
INC DAVID HOGG GARBAGE TWEETS!
Why do they keep going to her.
[You knew this GEOTUS tweet was coming.](https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/1144064520152739840)
Trump just tweeted about the tech issues
This entire thing has just been too hilarious so far. No wonder they quarantined us. We get a new vector for ridiculing them every time a question is asked.
Elizabeth Warren is a fucking hack.
EVER HEARD OF GANG VIOLENCE CHIEF WARREN?
The president keeps the country safe, no you in your damn house.
Pocahontas can't answer the question
I don't understand - aren't there already background checks? I've been background checked every time I buy a gun...
#"GET THE GUNS"
Stop crying lolol
Guns are health related.

Ban private healthcare..


crazy lady
Another serious research problem: Are you actually Native American? NOPEEEEE
what an lol amazing non answer by Warren on guns
Has anybody actually answered the question that was asked tonight?
Gun owners = mental issue problem?? Wtf?
Where was T-Bone Corey?
Warren couldn't quite get those tears going.  DS overlords will be displeased.
This is where they go full boat 

#CHINESE COMMUNISM!!!!
Fall on that anti-2A sword.  Do it!
she has HUGE earlobes
Trump's twitter is beyond perfect
Doing great for you neighborhood there Booker.
Who are these amateurs?
The Nazis confiscated guns in Germany. Democrats want to do it in America. Nazis - not even once.
Need to police your neighborhood
Castro looks dead inside
Maybe kids should learn about responsible gun ownership in school too like they used to.
Really, was it an “assault rifle” or just a black gun
Warren does a great job not answering the question. She’ll make a great Democratic candidate!
These people are terrifying.
Booker straight out of the hood with AK's and shit firing.
His eyes are horrifying. Also, he's known more shot people, so he should be president apparently
LOL my jurisdiction has gang violence, elect me!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Tens of people are killed by mass shootings every year. If you try to take guns away from law abiding citizens by force that number will skyrocket to 100s of Thousands
Was that a fart?
Public health emergency?  WTF?  Do you treat knife violence like that?  Or hands and feet violence?  Cuz those kill more people than AR-15's bitch!
Crazy eye Booger
Castro: *spanish spanish spanish* I have no good policy ideas. *spanish spanish spanish*
Even the moderator wants to get the fuck away from Warren and her nonsense.
Keep dreaming.
Corey’s dropping an album to tell his story
Everyone should legally purchase a gun
MUH COMMON SENSE
They only make the news cycle if they can say it was a Trump supporting white male shooter.
EMOTIONAL LEARNDING
This guy just needs to drop out - no one knows who the fuck you are and you're weak as fuck on stage. Drop out
BORING!
Coke nose Beto
Beto shits in bowls
"I appeal to the public to disarm the ambitious. Why are clandestine arms being stored at this very minute? Why are arms being hidden at distinct points of the capital? Why are arms being smuggled at this moment? I tell you that there are members of certain revolutionary organizations who are smuggling and storing arms. All the arms that were found by the rebel army are stored and locked in barracks, where they belong. What are these arms for? Against whom are they going to be used?"

Fidel Castro January 9, 1959
Chuck asking a decent question
Just ban school shootings.
Universal background checks will keep criminals from getting guns - 

what the fuck?
Lol are we done pandering in Spanish now???
Beto Hussain Jr
You'll shoot your eye out Beto!
Minnesota Toofsteses
#DEMOCRATS HAVE DESTROYED THE NUCLEAR FAMILY AND MENTALLY UNSTABLE KIDS WHO SHOOT UP SCHOOLS ARE THE RESULT
Ok...did this sub just get quarantined?

i was hit with 'this sub has been quarantined"

I was a long time commenter to WPD

The Donald is done for 2020...were not allowed to speak
Minnesota lady gay marriage and guns mixing in bedroom and gun safe
Yeah none of those kids can even vote!
National shift in gun discussion? Yeah ok.
Why didn't they get a woman to ask questions?
You need a license to vote Corrryyyy
I support background checks but AR-15s aren't used by nor were they designed by or for any military. "Assault rifles" is always the loosest definition possible. New Jersey's original assault weapon ban banned the fucking Marlin 60. A tube fed 14 round semiauto long rifle
Guns in America have been researched. Try the American Revolution. We found out that guns give us our freedom!
Wow, Booker is talking about license. Not Voter ID. What's the difference?
Guns are a right, driving is a privilege.
The second amendment disagrees with you, booker.
Wow, Alex Jones is holding live interviews outside the Arsht center right now.
We have background checks. Literally every policy they want has been enacted. Read the laws.
A license to exercise rights? Yeah right
Modern politicians are unable to learn.  
The bland, canned responses, the usual boilerplate bromides...talking and talking and saying nothing.  
That's the old game. It won't play now.  
Trump changed the rules.  
We know what an effective leader looks like, now.  
This....isn't it.
Delaney rachals b****
Good Lord can you answer the damn questions rather than virtue signal. Anyone please??
Disarm your security you hypocrites
"Show of hands: How many of you have armed bodyguards? All of you? Riiiiighhhttt..."
Deblasio is the first one to pull the race card.... Didn't see that one coming haha
New york city simply priced out people poor enough to commit crime
Yeah you've got other issues!   TDS mother fuckers.
 de blasiso  is dumb as fuck
I do not think these dems know anything about statistics
This is the largest batch of pandering losers I’ve seen in some time, God help them.
"Give them the offer to buy back their guns"

Translation:

"Use a gun to take other guns because those guns are unsafe and our guns are safe."
Ah the My Black Son card

Glad to see a classic returnwd
Their views on the Second Amendment are flat-out straight up disqualifying. None of these people will ever be within a thousand feet of the presidency.
I do 

*applause*
Why are the ‘candidates’ on the ends even up there? Lol
Warren is a bobblehead doll
I ADOPTED A BLACK BOY, PLEASE VOTE FOR ME
Why do they have so many people. This only makes the democrats look worse.
It's hard to listen to her shrill voice.  Tulsi and Klobacher have much better voices
These people are all going to get annihilated by Trump.  They are all so boring.
Don't mess with THE TURTLE
>The way a democracy works is I get what I want, and you don't.
Warren did not detail her plan at all. What a fucking clown show this is.
Elmer Delaney Fudd
Grandma has a plan!
Oh that's why people are getting shot in his neighborhood.
im a little late but de blasio bringing up raising a black son in america trying to connect to black voters is insane. Could you imagine if a white republican pulled that move?
What is Booker's position on the lynching bill?
Booker invoking 1850...wow
[Bill de Blasio just now](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IWSCJ28Vp6w)
Climate crisis!! Last chance! All going to die!!
##DID YOU SEE BOOKER IS NOT WHITE!?!  NOT.  WHITE.  WHITE DEVILS
"i didnt care about the rules you fool! i stomped down Mitch's door to LET HIM KNOW this is sparta" - FARTACUS
THE GREAT CLIMATE CHANGE BOOGEYMAN
Inslee wind turbans and solar panels and solar grand jury’s
What i did in my one state 'worked'

That means all 49 should conform to me


Order me to how to live!
He looks stressed
I am in the Midwest and we can barely speak due to drowning. We even went on to win the Stanley Cup! Drowning due to Climate Change.
BTW Cuck Todd has a terrible comb over . Bet it looks good in the mirror though.
this is what they have? seriously? lmfao
Serious Note

Even if we pass the GND, what makes us think that the 2 biggest polluters China and India will give up the opportunity of the US crippling itself and take position as being the superpowers rather then falling in line to save the environment in the fairy tale AOC and the Dems are living in?

It’s not as simple, we could be be China’s bitch for the next 300 years and be oppressed like them if this happens
Capture the mutha fucking carbon out of the air. You guys see all the carbons?
It's so hard to listen to the dems talk. They just spew words without actually saying anything.
Lmao what the fuck is this “celcius” Beta is talking about?
This should be played at the end of the debate: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wKjxFJfcrcA](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wKjxFJfcrcA)
They'll just add gas taxes and carbon taxes like they always do
#MUH CLIMATE CHANGE STINGS ME!
I would like to hear opinions of these vs. Shillary. I mean, I think she would have destroyed these cucks. Which is bad for the DNC.
san juan

lol
Rico Suave for Democratic pick!
Here we go.... Y2K, 2012, now it's the weather that's going to kill us all. 

&#x200B;

Unless... money?

Yep... That's what they're going with.
This guy looks angry at life - he's trying to shoot lazers out of his eyes
Damn Tim said something logical
Chuck Todd combs the hair on the back of his head to the front to hide his bald spot. Terrible hairstyle, embrace the baldness Chuck! Sad!
Eleittle?!
Pog fucking Champ
Leedleddleleedle
Imagine talkinh about taking fellow Senators out rather than working with em.
Oh they don't like Ryan's answer at all
DAE white people bad?
BIG SURPRISE THE WHITE MALE WANTS TO REACH OUT TO MORE WHITES REEEEEEEEE
Sorry bud, working class has figured out Trump has got their back. Enjoy your elitist club
Gay construction workers to build the seawall
Bottom line is they want to control every aspect of our lives at all costs even if it kills us.
[deleted]
Was waiting for the floor to open up and dunk Tim into the shark trap for that moderate stance
We haven't been textile communities in quite a while. Mostly due to dem policies.
Moderator: *asks question.

Loser Dem Candidate: *gives Mickey Mouse do-nothing answer then starts regurgitating preplanned robotic ~~liberal~~ socialist talking points.

Spez: strikethrough
Here they come sandbagging Gabbard.
ILLEGAL - YUP
Tim knows he’ll never be addressed again
What an utter crock carbon taxes would be. Everyone would be forced to get an electric car in 5 years, and then the COAL FIRED power plants would put out as much electricity at night as they do during the day since everyone would be charging their cars.
Except if you're a pedophile, right, Tulsi?
What gay rights did trump roll back other then not letting mentally ill trannies serve in the military??
This shit so boring hahaha Tulsi just standing there
Did you guys know that Corey Booker is black?
I'm tired of GI Jane
The Alex Jones show is hilarious 😆
Lynching!  Happens every day!!
We hear way too much about trans.
Incredibly high rate of murder of 0.00001% of the population? Wtfmeme
TRANNY PACIFIC PARTNER SHIP
Trans abortions almost won, but Booker pulled the rare black trans card
I bet his murder stat includes suicide
TRANNY LYNCHING 🙄
We have bigger problems Spartacus. Really.
hahahahah Tulsi will give her life to LGBQ!!!
LYNCHING IS ALREADY ILLEGAL YOU MORON!
Kek, mention Jussie, Spartacuck!
I hope someone says reparations lol
I tried.... I really did... 

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

I cant stand more than 2 minutes of this ridiculous bullshit.
What a total meltdown this thing is. Tomorrow will be even worse.
pretty sure the highest murder rate on trans people is 40% of them killing themselves.
That's right Trump's fixing everything we don't need you.
I’d fix that tooth before running for Office, she’s got the money
She is so unappealing
John Delaney: I pledge to-

Reporter: Thank you congressman.

John Delaney: If I am ele-

Reporter: Thank you congressman.

John Delaney: Fuck off-

Reporter: Thank you congressman.
What have *you* done to buy a shitload of minority votes?
But African American women abort the most babies Amy!
Who cant vote?
Klobuchar is seriously a flop - she is stuttering, nervous, taking credit for acts that Trump signed; is she serious?
Maddow just pissed off Beta mucho big time there
I thought Robert was Latino!
Why do they all seem like they are on the edge of tears?  Nutty people.
Gets extra applause because he's not like the others.


Dems are the party of identity politics.
Aww... they keep mistreating gangbangers, and drug dealers
Trump is in Alaska

Literally the complete opposite side of the country from this comedic shitshow
Tubman on all the bills muh reparations
BETO BTFO!!!
"John in New York" = DNC staffer
MOLESTER DOLT
Lol you mean the guy who has been answering in spanish is not latino... Who would have guessed that
“I have a black dad!”
Lucky Beto, they're not showing the constant tomahawk chop
"muh Russia", is that a free square on debate bingo ?
this guy looks like a tv mega church pastor
ok thats enough
These douche-canoes are doing a good job campaigning against Trump. Are they remotely aware of the purpose of this debate?
Tim Ryan is going to cry from being the one disagreeing voice
Lol let's take money out of Afghanistan and put it in Mexico
Burn...😝
Welp he is toast. Reeee muh Muslims
Long before we leave?
Reeeee
Taliban! Taliban! Do the Taliban dance!
Ryan thinks the Girl Scouts of Afghanistan flew airplanes into the WTC lol.
Can subs be unquarantied? I'm not familiar with any of this to me it's all the same without the fancy colors.
Orange man bad
Dems: GRUMP RUNS ON FEARRRRR

Also Dems: We'll end this debate with what's the BIGGEST THREAT TO AMERICA
CLIMATE CHANGE
Climate change?????baahahaaahaa
Takes a shot
I’m upset it’s over
FEAR!  BE AFRAID, and VOTE for us to FIX IT!
Climate change lmao
There it is! MUH RUSSIA!
mUh RuSsIaAaAaAaAaAaA
BINGO!!! Finally hit Russia
Muh russia
MUH RUSSIA
RUSSSIIAAA----HITTING ALL BULLET POINTS
I couldnt bring myself to watch it. I listened to the 1st question and turned it off before fauxcahontas could even answer. Literally their entire platform is "orange man bad" and "free shit for eveyone" and by everyone i mean the least productive members of society.
"the 1980s called They Want Their Foreign Policy Back " - Obama talking to Mittens during debate.. fast forward Clown World.. RUSSIA IS ENEMY... LUL
😂 Beto you dickhead.
Potential crimes lmao
Bros , I been drinking everytime they insulted  PRESIDENT TRUMP,  I'm on my 4th beere now
we must peachmint
Rob says impeach because he knows damn well if he can’t beat Cruz theirs no way he’s beating Trump haha
Not on topic, but how do I get this damn quarantine warning to stop popping up every time I view a new post on mobile. I’ve already visited on the desktop site and clicked continue.
Madcow about to get mad
Lol the like to dislike ratio on the stream.
Go after Trump in 2025 after he's done?

Yeah, whatever.
[deleted]
"we let the russians run our elections. now excuse me while i suck this super delegate's dick"
Whomever said "yeah, let's design some yellow pants" needs to be shot
This guy looks like a fuckin donkey.
Yeah I defy you to tell me that the world would have been worse off if the other side won WW2.
Bill doesn’t have the energy to win
DeBlasio actually looks evil. Probably because he is.
Nobody tell Delaney or de Blasio that there are currently more job openings than unemployed Americans.
Inslee needs more Visene.
Tim is a lizard
STOP THE SEASONS
Tim Ryan is a serious dude?
I think identity politics suck too
Because climate change is not that important. 

We can save our grandchildren...unless you know hundreds of nukes get launched and land in the exact places to destroy all of America overnight.

And then because every job left no one can easily rebuild if anyone survives.
Final question: how do you feel about being at the kid's table debate?
Gabbard: Fuck the successful, and we will be a beacon of candlelight.
I am the guy who posted about taking a drink everytime I heard "free". Almost went comatose hearing DeBlasios final statement
I love that they talk about what rhe nation is "founded on"...but they want to rip up the constitution
Huh what?
Is Sluti a person of color?
🤦🏻‍♂️
lmao pandering
Here we go again with the spanish!
These people should seriously be in straight jackets.
New century?? It's fucking 2019
wait I thought the country was racist?
So Tulsi is going to give everyone a new calendar...? Or is she still working on Y2k remediation? I'm confused.
Is Tulsi Hillary in disguise?
Clean air for everyone if we're elected!
No one has stopped anyone from talking Spanish lol Castro pandering so hard
Hopefully we say Adios to Spanish as an acceptable language in this country
Can't wait to translate Beto!
CLIP THAT FOR FUTURE DONALD VICTORY 2020 PLZ!
WHATS WITH ALL THESE CUTS IN AUDIO?
A Democrat with integrity? I don't think so.
Yeah Amy, you beat everything, including your employees.
Spartacus. He’s like a really bad high school drama student.
Beta’s daughter turned 11 and I bet even he won’t leave her alone with Biden
These people are delusional lol
They're sleeping on the floor cause y'all wont let wayfair build them some fucking beds!
Bum Beto is done
Yeah it brought everyone in alright...
You still lost Robert!
Shut the fuck up and make some Pow Wow Chow
Oh Beta is a congressman now?
"Thanks for the wide range of answers'

>Crowd erupts in laughter
Stick to eating dirt, Robert.
WE CAN MAKE....... AMERICA GREAT AGAIN - wait wrong person :^)
Are aluminum blankets less expensive than a regular blanket?  I feel like they would cost more.
Warren is on the warpath!
no money for a college application?  LMAO
that shit was straight garbo
Until I lied about being Native American then went to Harvard!
Pocahontas had a dream lmao she’s had it so difficult including being a FAKE Indian
I can't picture any one of these people as President.
Can't wait for tommorow🔥
Watch 2:28:38 of NBC vid. They even use Trump as an example of what they want to do. Why would we vote for someone else to do what he is already doing?
I honestly haven't bothered to watch, but have the dems promised anything other than free shit and orange man bad?
Where was Andrew Yang in this? He and Tulsi Gabbard are the only ones worth listening to.
This was an extremely entertaining watch. It's not every day that you get to see the Democratic party implode in real time, ya know?
They're talking about Hispanic-Americans and African-Americans like they're two different species, let alone races.

The Democrats think we don't care about racial issues, therefore, to them, we're evil.

Wrong.

We don't arbitrarily divide people on racial lines.  We are all Americans.

On a lighter note, it felt like the [Racial Draft from Chappelle's Show](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2z3wUD3AZg4) listening to that.
She says “everyhwhere” like Stewie Griffin
"This economy isn't working for everyone". There you have it, Media Matters new buzzword phrase for the next month. All the NPC's will soak this up and spout out on order !
COMMUNISM
BETO: \*sees camera red light\* POWER HAND POSE
ALL FOAM NO BEER
Bet their gonna say that fallout 76 was a good game
[AR emoji on my phone making this debate tolerable](https://i.imgur.com/WY530og_d.jpg?maxwidth=640&shape=thumb&fidelity=medium)
Trump needs to legalize pot - get the hippy vote
They shouldn't have tried to come here
Dems: Trump is *literally* Hitler

Also Dems: When I'm president I'll Executive Order Open Borders, Free everything for illegal children, and free abortions for everyone
"as a soldier i tell you, soldiers shouldn't be deployed"
Tulsi is insufferable. A triggered cunt.
Uncomfortable framing. centered close up, no pans, no wide, no push, no 180 degree rule at all. Fucking amateur hour.
How is Tulsi up 3:1 on second place Warren in the Drudge poll? I felt like she dodged every single question all night and said nothing of substance. Tiny Tim was the real winner.
LGBT rights are a joke.
I will only support a candidate if they cancel my student loan and give me reparations. Anything else is just white supremacy.
Wow, Talk about low energy...holy shit! This whole charade is a joke, just unleash the sealed indictments on these fools. Would be less embarrassing than this.
This is gonna be a fun game of "I hate GRUHNDALD BLURMPH more than you do!"
Will Elizabeth Warren be giving her answers in smoke signals?
Not gonna lie...gabbert is a hottie.
i might have to tap out.  they're just forcefeeding their own talking points.  Hopefully there will be a summary video of the gaffes tomorrow.
DId some retard just clap after she said Obama?
Beto esta retardo
Warren says all the right things for libtards but even them wont be able to listen to her. 

Her voice is too annoying.
Look at me, I'm just like you! Aw shucks!
2,500 drugs is nothing.  What she talking about?!


Manufactured statistics.
LMAO Robbie getting embarrassed by Deblasio. of all people.
Dang tulsi crushing it as good as any democrat can lmfao
i believe in aborting democrats
He just said we need to rebuild south America liek we did Japan and Germany.  Stealing money from whites to hive to Latinos.

Theft theft theft
Guns (background chattering)
Feedback on 🎤 
Guns shooty shooty bam bam
What a shit show
TURN OFF THE HOT MIKES (Michelle Obongo looming large eggplant 🍆)
Trump 2020 my friends. God Emperor Trump will reign supreme.
So a town that never flooded before, flooded...and that is evidence for climate change?...
Tulsi you dumb bitch. When there's roaches you CALL THE EXTERMINATOR. You can't just say they'll be there long after we leave.
BETA O'CUCK worships a painting of Washington being submissive. Very telling.
FYI other subs narratives  are pushing Warren hard "like she killed it" and shitting on Delaney if your wondering how this will be framed by the media to the people
And guess what? We’re running every democrat in congress, cya tomorrow! What a fucking idiot!
The President’s admin should channel the destruction here as a recruiting event ahead of 2020, just my opinion.
Intro video https://youtu.be/dIVCutLC7SM
Who will offer even one good solution instead of complain?
There are a whole lot of people on that stage..lol
No Andrew Yang?
Who’s that stiff on the right?
"migrant" children
Race to the bottom!!
The clown car has arrived
“Migrant” children. And climate change is a kitchen table issue. 1 minute in guys.
Warren. Already full of shit.
Pokahantas says no wapum
Great, female Bill Nye is talking
First 5 mins I heard “latinX and Climate change”. This gon be good
I mean the government is doing great for me and I’m dead broke
Klobuchar the only sensible one (for a democrat)
"but can you cure cancer ?"
MY OWN DAD
Clown World
Sorry... watching Texas Rangers Baseball. No lies, just America's game.
Did you mean Robert?
Robert
Warren already lying
HAHAHAHAHA
What the actual fuck
Che?
If you can pay for a HONK, everyone else should be able to pay for a ^(honk)
WTH

 **Latinx** is the gender-neutral alternative to Latino, Latina and even Latin@. (The Huffington Post) The word “**Latinx**” (pronounced “La-teen-ex”) has been used more and more lately.
One second into the debate and cue the class warfare! That did not take long. Marxism has taken over the Democrat party.
Panderbates 2019
> I'm concerned about giving rich kids college for free

LOL  The Left are so fucking retarded.  They can't make college for free because rich kids might get it.
Democrat plan make college like a high school diploma and then be shocked that it loses value. Brainless!
THIS IS AMERICA YOU CUK
Robert Fakeass O’Pander
SPARTACUS!
Booker has a face that says "I have diarrhea and it's leaking down my leg right now."
that’s what subtitles are for you communist pandering little weasel
"Never get into a bidding war with a socialist." Jessie Waters
Bill De Blasio's Spanish is better
Good moderators. At least Savannah is pointing out that beto didn’t answer the question.
An economy that works for everybody... where not everybody needs to work. C Booker.
Man this is gonna be an entertaining two days.  My sides hurt already.
> DIGNITY IS BEING STRIPPED FROM LABOR
Really, we’re doing the wage gap myth still
Is the actual latino going to speak in spanish now or will Beta be the only one.
Ok but Tulsi Gabbard is at least not a fool or socialist-so she will never get elected in the current Democratic Party!
Why does Gabbard have more base in her voice than the men? lol
How can they say with a straight face the economy isn't strong? What did they think of Obamas? Where the "FACT CHECKS?" 

How about Beto pandering? PATHETIC.
Tulsi is the best human on the stage
'I know what it's like to rent a home'

Wow, a man of the people.
Tbh Trump’s biggest opponent is Tulsi G.
Is that the Danny Trejo?
Tulsi sounds sharp and looks sharp
How did Deblazeito make the stage
Tulsi looks like she just lost a loved one and gained a superpower she got from some natural disaster.
Are there 20 people in the audience?
Who the fuck was that?
Tulsi is the Ron Paul of this election but Ron's not as cute as her
IF EVERYONE GETS PAID MORE THERE'S NO GAP
this women is their best chance but they won't go to her.
What a bunch of pandering DOLTS!
De Blasio is a mess
I’m so excited for Trump to go against anyone of these folks.. he’s gonna make them have a mental break down
0 vote DeBlasio
This dudes teeth are about to fall out
LETS TAKE OTHER PEOPLES MONEY
Who dafuq is this?
This guy is drunk I guarantee it.
Look at those choppers
Former MD congressman...,so, unemployed?
Look at them hand moves!!
What happened to Tulsi's hair. Like they started to frost and then just stopped. Hmmm. My daughters and I are wondering.
Public education belongs to the STATES dummy!
why is he yelling?  He has a microphone
Oh Mobile and here, quarantine isn't stopping me!!!!   These Dems are low energy and pathetic!
I like when Beto was asked if he supports a 70 percent marginal tax rate and started speaking Spanish.
“Free! Free! Free! Free for everyone! Oh. What? How do we pay for it? Did you not hear what I said? Everything is free!”
Here comes Mr. Global Warming.
God this is awful
Not enough colored, indigenous, trans, non gendered Star Wars exclusionary 10th wave feminism represented on stage tonight. Like wtf?
Uhh, Trump already created jobs...
Do they think rich people can't move?
Welcome to Clown World buddy.  Big Ups Liquid Richard
What an asshole that announcer was....
The one Senator from hawaii or w/e is the only one who hasnt sounded scripted so far. My god Dems..
This guy has school shooter eyes - fucking terrifying
Don't we have super low unemployment already?
Who’s the scared looking guy? Tim Ryan


GM gibsment motursz thx Obongo
Oh God here's the sob story they all have rehearsed
Hahaha Tim Ryan looks scared as shit!
Ohio man part 2
Is Tim Ryan a robot?
Who’s this guy? I think he was in the audience before they invited him on stage.
Not going to watch this clown show. I already know what they're going to say
illegal immigrants could at least drive new cars up from mexico to save us some transport cost
That’s we ended NAFTA numbskull
Orange man bad, good talking points !!!
My God, can you imagine if one of these people win? Holy fuck.
SAVE A NIPPLE  BETH
Liars!! They let all the jobs go in the first place!!
Debates just arent the same without Big Trump Energy!
Spartacus looks like Donkey Kong, there I said it.
Her feather must have fallen out......
Green tech is libtard speak for funneling money into companies owned by their friends families and donors
what a shit show
Back to Warren again? Isn’t this the 4th time when most of the others have only spoken 1 or 2 times?
Is this the Pocahontas Debates? Like Tulsi and others talk answer a question.
"Medicare for all"

DRINK
**FAUXCAHONTAS IS SPEAKING, QUIET**
Warren: you need to pay higher taxes for Medicare for all. But don't worry, I'm in Congress so I'll be exempt.
Anyone else notice Beto playing with his hands?
pocahontas is getting a lot of time. What happened to equal representation?
Lester Holt's Hairline has a better platform than any of these morons.
Hahah Beto is such a meme, how did he almost beat Cruz again??
They're putting Pocahontas so over tonight.
they keep stealing Trump's ideas and platforms lol
Did Liz Warren, the frontrunner, basically say that we needed an America First policy? Liberal heads are gonna explode with that one.
Elizabeth Warren confirmed to have done 5 lines of Meth before she came on, Alex Jones with the breaking reports.
Ah yes human right commodities
Háblame en español Robert Francis O'Rourke.
Robert es stupido
DIABETO
BETO met a 32 year old man
porque ?!
Warren is just an angry feminist. Nothing more.
Your time is up Beto!
Beto looks like a Fairy.
[@TeamTrump](https://twitter.com/TeamTrump) doing work.
Nuestros hijos
Hahahaha who is this fuck
Who da fuck is this puppet looking mofo?
How scripted is this
Who the fuck is this?
Beto is so try hard. Painful to watch. Jump on the podium.,.. do something. 

I watch this for cringe.. this is boring..
Did he just say full stop
Quarantine me and call me Zika because I have a little head.
DiBlasio trying the nice Trump method. Can’t be nice here. Gotta be cutthroat.
Has everyone of them mentioned their everyday individual life yet so far ?
YESSSSSSSS. Finally the debate starts.
Full stop
Who's this guy?
How do the Borg debate each other?
Danny Trejo!
Booker needs be more Spartacus amirite?
The reason they have private insurance is because state healthcare isn't good enough.
this guy is just an untrustworthy creep
Infowars wildin out here
Here's an idea for reparations: a one way ticket to Freetown, Liberia
Well this looks like it will be very easy for Trump. These people are a mess. We promise you free everything and open borders!
Those idiots refuse to acknowledge ​Medicare only pays 80% medical and only 50% for mental. You pay the rest.
Eh, Tulsi i am liking you less.  Won't work.
sucked it thru a straw! Liz is outlawing straws, sure as heck!
End lobbying payments and gifts then
In my community, we hate white people



-  Corey Booker, 99% white democrat community
But I thought Obamacare fixed everything
Private companies aren't allowed to make a profit after you handed them our healthcare system with the ACA. Ok retard
#ABORTION HAS ENTERED THE ARENA
Democrats keep promising free shit if they get elected.


.... but have we ever gotten free shit when a democrat was in office?
L L L LLLLLLLLets get ready to cuckholdddddddddddd!!
RESPEK WAMEN
STEP ASIDE HOLT NASTY WOMAN COMING THROUGH
Democrats = Federally funded abortion
and she played the woman card
MUH WOMENZ
Jay Inslee seems like a toxic white male.
Imagine being so fucking stupid you actually want to be in the audience for this
Of course he has to mention the trans community hahaha 

Yes I’m talking about Castro
REPRODUCTIVE JUSTICE
Reproductive justice for trans women!
You would give federal money to women who wish to murder their own babies?
I know her 2A opinions are abhorrent but I still find Tulsi to be pleasant.
reproductive justice LMAOOO
WTF did Castro just say??  Bwahaha!!
> gubment free shit yea - dems
"I'm a woman. Please clap!"
Beto keeps making that pussy sign with his hands lol
I don't think that's medically correct, Julian.
This is painful to watch. Holy crap!
Warren wants injun babies killed
These ppl hate babies
You men need to stop having abortions.
This is the cringiest thing I’ve ever seen. Everyone shouting to let us know which one is the most evil.
STFU Screechahontis!
Full range of murder options.
*IF I CAN'T KILL MY CHILD IM GONNA FUCKING BLOW!!*
Booker is SCARY
Booker is a fraud and doesnt represent NJ
They are going to try to out-wacko each other.
Ok Booker I'm listening. How exactly do you punish pharmaceutical companies for opioid abuse.
Booker just stole the OPIOID CRISIS
ORANGE PILL BAD
Can the crowd please just shut up?!
Lmao beto actually makes a decent point. You know its insane when old Francis seems like the reasonable one.
Why does Beto sound like he's from Long Beach?
Is Francis trying to sound like Obama??
Nobody trusts Holt; he’s a shill who pushed Russia and Convington.
Alright Alzheimer assoc being cute
Night 2 is gonna be way better
Thank god. I needed a break from this shitshow. I’m about to have a heart attack laughing so hard
I'm so nervous that one of the people either today or tomorrow will convince nearly half of America to vote for them.
If they really needed asylum, they could've come across the border normally.
Sounds like he's listing his dinner menu or something. Democrats and their pizza...
Wtf is with these theatrics
Okay, so my student loans are paid off and I have free healthcare. What's next???
Talk about a partisian moderator!
Unbelievable what happened to our beautiful subreddit today...look what they did to my boy /sadface
All of my life I’ve watched every debate Republican and Democrat alike.

Every convention Republican and Democrat alike... I can barely sit through this clown show tonight!! 🤡
This is not a debate... this is a commercial
Here’s the big one
i can't get over how boring this is
Good lord..
They totally got the questions beforehand every single one of them is a softball and they all seem to have written a bill about the question
OOH SCAR MAR TEEN IS!
WOAH LANGUAGE
Aw, shit. Here we go. No border, no law.
That was a very strong HOY
Not my fault fix your own damn country
The wiver.
MUH FEE FEES
Oh my god, the God Emperor: Boring!
So we  are just gonna keep running with calling it "concentration camps"  no one said anything when Obama did it.
What about the children in America that are dying!!!
Hoy!
Watch, someone WILL start crying over this shit.
Oscar and Valeria made some poor choices. And I bet they were Oscar's idea.
FREE IMMIGRATION!
Died crossing the border lmao

&#x200B;

That's their fault, dumbasses shouldn't have done it in the first place
Black Mexican talks woooo
SKRONG PANDERING.
Jesus fuck speak English. WHAT THE FUCK.
ASK THOSE CUCKS HOW THEY FEEL ABOUT NORTH KOREA AND IRAN. Watch them fold like a cheap suit.
If a parent thinks having their daughter cross the rio grande is a good idea then it’s not my problem if they’re killed
Oh my god LOOOL this is so funny
Why the fuck is booker also speaking Spanish? This is America spartacus!
If it was up to the democrats they’d just have the illegals flood in from the boarder
** BOOKER SPANISH **
Oh, Jesus Christ! (where's my beer)
**BORING!**
Muy wanto el mexicano vota
These people are all fucking idiots. And why the fuck is booker speaking in Spanish?
¡¿Cory, que?!
TRUMP IS KILLING MUH CHILDREN
Necicitamos chiupi chuli el sexuales tortura
They’re sick for using those deaths to advance their socialist agenda.
it's fantasy time: it's your first day as President (ain't gonna happen) what illegal EO's do you issue?

speak English please
fucking LOL at their asses
Eww we, Castro just mentioned transgender abortion rights! Double triple point combo!
This Spanish is so fucking cringee... This is the debate for American presidency not fucking Mexico lmaoo
Gotta pander to the illegals with the Spanish
Desperados
Cue Cory Booker with the Spanish response.

That's right folks we will just invest us money in those countries.
LMAO this is even stupider than I was expecting.
Is there such a thing as PERSONAL RESPONSIBILITY?
RIPPING AWAY
Put a bowl of lead paint chips on the stage and watch them go into a feeding frenzy.
Don't separate children from their families and put them with adult offenders good plan.
Fuck our laws 👏👏👏
Cry Cory do it!
lmfao these fuckin clowns hahahahahah
Values values values.. What about our fucking laws!!?? Follow them how about that
Drop their anchor babies off for an education they don't contribute taxes for FTFY
I'm desperate to eat at Chili's, please let me into USA
Holy shit these dicks are cookie cutter.
Yeh, Alex and Owen funny as hell right now.
... using cheap illegal labor to drive down wages
pathetic
Are they just pandering to each other? are all of these people exactly the same?
De Blasio - immigrants come in legally, aliens come in illegally.
Beto's Spanish sounds so horrible hahaha
LMAO
EEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSPPPPPPPPPPAAAAAAAAAANNNNNNNNNNOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOLLLLLLLLLLLLLL

&#x200B;

GOOOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAALLLLLLLLLL

&#x200B;

OLE OLE OLE
Speak American!
> ##**I HATE WHITE PEOPLE - DEMOCRATS**
What the fuck is wrong with Beto why is he annunciating like such a retard
Hardcore pandering to hispanics right now, like sickening level of pandering.
I thought this was America
Do voters really care that these candidates took spanish class in middle school? Talk about the issues, stop trying to show off.
America has left....
Sure wish I knew what that question to an American politician was but apparently they're running to lead some other country
Free money and insta citizenship
"the deadliest countries"

lmao
Section 13? Damn this fool must love some Star Trek.
Beto looks sick. Pale and greasy.
At this point I'm just waiting for someone to promise they'll sign an executive order forcing every American to provide quarter to a family of Guatemalans...I triple dog dare you, fucking shitlibs.
More passion for non-citizens then for the poor and hungry U.S. citizens.  Disgusting display of pandering!!
Not that I would vote for any of these candidates in the first place, but If you dont have enough respect to speak the language of this nation you lose my vote automatically
BETO BTFO
If they’re not seeking asylum, why the *f u c k* would they come here?
Lmao yes dance puppets dance
This whole damn panel is so weak and beta compared to our President...2020 landslide
Talk about pandering...
oooh

If you did your homework Beto
is that Colonel Clink?
Klobuchar looks like a little penguin
I'm sorry, I just can't watch anymore of this shit on TV!!  These people can only run on high emotions and few real facts...which they twist.  I really despise each and everyone of these candidates.  
Hummm...now it's who can "outdo" the next one. Note...it sounds like a mainly female audience.
Good. Keep fighting...
#OPEN BORDERS, right here.
The Democrat party is just the party of pandering. That's it.
https://www.bitchute.com/live/infowars/
#LIBERAL SHITSHOW!!!!!
This is their best, folks.
illegal immigration and legal immigration ARE TWO FUCKING DIFFERENT THINGS
No he hasn't. Trump wants merit based immigration.
This is a mess.
Klobuchar looks like she's permanently stuck going into a John Travolta impersonation.
Beto actually came out on top of that section 13 debate or whatever, this guys a threat in 2020, hes the hispanic reincarnation of Obama.

They are so similar they feel like clones.
"Should no longer be a crime to illegally cross the border"

This is the greatest clown show I've ever seen!
Yes give me immigrants... give me qualified pro America immigrants and not one negative thing about it would leave my life
AK must be like 4'6"
We need workers in our fields, in our factories.

SO, your definition of workers is illegal labor?
Wait she supports merit based immigration!?!?!?
Why will they pay Americans $15 an hour when they can pay illegals $5 an hour with no vacation or safe working conditions?
Not one of them has said how they would actually process all the “immigrants” crossing the border.
"Should it be a crime to illegally do something?"

Wat.
Obama was a foreign born Nobel laureate as well.

Hey!  Ho!
Our economy is doing fine with Trump's policies. Remind me why we need to take on the burden of illegal immigrants?
This shit is so fucking weak.
What a fucking clownshow 🤡
Move them all to Gitmo!
this guy looks like a professional date-rapist
Castro guy is basically the cartels choice
Did Tim Ryan suggest we send the illegal aliens to Guantanamo?
When time is up and the red podium turns back to blue it should electrocute the speaker if he runs 1 ms over the cutoff.
Hate fear and division is the pillars of the democrat party
Wrong.  Respect our border sovereignty.  We respect other countries’ borders.  Dumbass.
Doctors to the boarder. But why?
Okay, these people are talking more about the care of people who aren't even citizens here than they are talking about the well being of the citizens.
Tell Wayfair employees jackass!
drowned = got killed.
laying in their own snot! Surely that’s the quote of the night...?
I'm not changing anyone's diaper. Go fuck yourself !
SNOT!
Private parts prisons
I forgot Tim Ryan is there.
Don’t criminalize anything! Be humane! Give them a blankie and tendies and pay for them.
there are some full diapers on that stage
I'm (insert democrat name here) and I'm running to be presidente de los estados unidos de mexico (the united states of mexico)
I dont even want to look but what are the other SUB reddits fawning for are do equally think these candidates are jokes (probably not)
ask Jay about his homeless problem!!!
deport them all - no amnesty - rule of law!
These are the people they are putting up against the Don? Haha
The surge at the border is because the free lunch is over you morons!
yup, let the kids wander the streets. sounds good.
Pretty sure those folks in the border camps are free to walk the fuck back home.
Send them all to Washington State.
Medicare for all

No private insurance

Ilegal immigration is no longer criminal

America First (but not like Trump!)


Did I miss anything?
Mr. Global Warming thinks there's a Muslim ban.
is Farticus the first that will shed tears for us tonight?
Dang it. I’m missing it. Can anyone fill me in?
your state is shit
Throw company ceos in jail for hiring illegals, problem solved!
"we welcome refugees into our state"

So why not your home, pussy? Sack up
Poor Delaney trying to get the last word in and they keep changing the subject hahahaha

Spez: it happened again!
This Inslee guy has no idea what he's talking about. The problem is the law. They do get releases and never show up for their asylum hearing.
I truly think I am watching a circus right now.
Drone rights now!
You hear that Don? Pack em’ in Washington.
dIvErSiTy iS OuR sTrEnGtH
Who on this stage has the least chance of winning so we know who to vote for? Surely a white male would seal the deal for the democrats
Do you ever get embarrassed for people? That's what watching this is like
#WARMONGER TIME!
Cory Booker pulls out of deals
So not a single democrat is mentioning drug dealers, smugglers and human trafficking..

According to their clown world they all can come in and live here. Yikes..
TRUMP DOESNT MAKE THREATS BITCH
We gave Iran billions of dollars and in cash. It was a great deal.
Now we move on to Duck Duck Goose
Goodness, these freaks are seriously upset that GEOTUS doesn't let them eat kids any more.
Did booker just pull a Trump?
Even democrats on their message boards are eating each other alive. Man...what a crazy time I started paying attention to politics
Who's a better deal maker? Trump or any of these fools up here?
**WHAT A GREAT DEAL**
**STILL ATTACKING GEOTUS WHEN SHE CANT BEAT FAUXCAHONTAS**
Fuck it, let's give Iran twice as many pallets of cash.
one tweet away from going to war....who's twitter? HRC's?
"IN UNIFORMS LIVES"
Ah, Tulsi. Sometimes she's smart and other times she's kooky. She's going through one of her kooky phases right now.
BROTHERS AND SISTERS!???? You may have served but you have no respect from the military!
Why do the Americans need Iran for anything???
Cuck Todd and Rachel Mancow? Oh boy


Alright fellas, signing off. Back to binging Deadwood and dreaming of a better time.
Thank god these Democrats want to get back in the business of begging hostile powers for mercy and sympathy. Clearly that's the way to deal with bullies.
Damn, Tulsi brings the HEAT on neocons!
Three day old diapers and snotty noses and in your face Drumpf tards!

rheeeeeeeeeeeeee
Not true.  They just shot a drone.  Bigger that an spark Gabbbbbeeeeeee
#WOKE YORK TIMES
Where did they get these numbers from
How long until we get on the topic of gun control?
Fuck SJW BBC Britbox
So 3 years ago people weren't sure about Trump and they were sure about Hillary. So relevant!
That was the weakest take with the fakest polls
Holy fuck the tism team
maddow is a bafoon
just here cuz fuck reddit
They want to blame the mega corporations for everyone's economical problems (not the illegals). Yet all these guys are bought and paid for by these corporations.
These two dudes.
Omfg it’s
Madcow and Cuck Todd hahahaha I need more peanuts
Oh dear. Rachael Maddow now.
MADCOW
The guy on the left kinda looks like a chicken
I don't know which of those 2 is more homo...
Oh no I can't stand these two men
CUCK TODD IN THE BUILDING YO.
I heard a lot of hollering but no one in the crowd was hollering...hrm...maybe these two dudes will be better than the previous moderators
###**MADCOW**
Drink every time you hear common sense gun control
“School shooting...”. 
  
:goofy grin:
Ruthless... more like worthless
does that dude have a yellow bottom tooth?
lmao
Give more guns to the right people
FFS, Parkland.  Where's David Hogg?
LMFAO ITS A MESS
Crappy MSNBC!
aSSaulT WeaPONz
Did someone say they had to go to the bathroom? Fucking lol. Clown show.
What a cluster!
NBC sucks ass. Clown show🤡🌎
this is what Democratic "leadership" looks like
Get it together retards
Man I really hope that someone sabotaging this
LOL!!!!!!!
Leave it to the dems to screw up their own debate! Pathetic!
They have to fix their NPCs.
Can’t even get the sound figured out.  Hot mic!
Lol!!!!! Quick! Switch to commercial
These Dems can’t get anything right
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Try and take them. It will be more than a mike failure. I promise .
"someone got my binder???????"
Technical difficulties lmao
How is it that the control room can go to a commercial but not turn their mics off?
Now we have a chance to show you propaganda on the evils of the Electoral College!
A comedy of errors!
Just like Naked Gun.
Morons Staring Numbly Before Crowd.
Still at commercial? Yawn
lol I think even the devil wouldn’t support the dems
Lots of floor and decor commercials::: empire way
https://youtu.be/pdE83FX-Mto

Mic in the bathroom
SHALL
Running the clock
He talks about guns like criminals
Ok fourth times the charm
ROFL, no you fucking didn't Pocahontas
**CITATION NEEDED**

Also how many of those "children" who died today were black kids shot by other black kids?
lol, I think the toughest question Warren got was from a radio host calling her native american lies out.
i tried watching the alex jones stream but fucckkk i cant lol he talks to much through the whole thing still funny though
Senator Warren, 

Here is a question. Now we will fake a technical issue and give you 5 minutes to prepare an answer.

Best,

NBC

P.S. We really want you to win!
They are coming for your CC
Warren has some big ears.
SHALL NOT BE INFRINGED, COMMIE!
Pocahontas doesn't have an answer
I wonder who is killing those kids 🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔
It's proven that more gun owners make us safer🤷
riiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiight- yeah- little johnny and little sally really asked you that
She would not be happy with the result of those studies
It is an emergency! Let's do a ten year research study.
Oh so you can only keep a gun if you never use it - got it
I'm done with these clowns. Going to watch USA Vs PANAMA.
Will anyone ever tell the truth? Most gun deaths in America are suicides.
Gang violence and suicides.  Look at this "o the children".  2nd amendment you bitch.
Gun violence. Look at Chicago. Obama so proud of his home state.
#2
gUnShOtS iN mY nEiGhBoRhOoD
They all agree with decriminalizing illegal border crossings !!!!!
Pocahontas FLINT LOCKS ONLY
>*pretend to be passionate*
👀
LMAO, she can't answer!
Silver spoon block has drive-bys now?
People are getting shot because you run that neighborhood you fucking idiot Sparticus.
I can't wait to watch them strip their bodyguards and the secret service of their guns.

Oh that's right, only citizens lose their guns.
I call bs on that one. He's prob in a gated community.
weird flex but ok
None of those guns are registered or legal to begin with, banning legal firearms would do nothing.
MA and NJ should be ashamed.
PLEASE VSG GOETUS COMMENT ON CRAZY EYES CORY BOOKER
Bruh you fucks Kill your children En masse.
**FROM MY COLD DEAD HANDS**
SHALL. NOT. BE. INFRINGED.
They don't make a complete news cycle, hahahahahahahahahaah.
But we should train kids about how to deal with active shooters, Cory!
He didn't even answer the question
Democrats: \*Shoot people\*  
Also Democrats: Give us your guns.
>~~blue wave 2.0~~
TRAMUSSSSSSITSED
Social and emotional learning doesn’t work-and never will
Drug test Castro.
Tim Ryan actually made a good point despite being drunk
Just ban kids from schools! Problem solved.
If you are watching anything other than the Alex Jones feed you are doing it wrong.  Hilarious.
Did you see his evil eyes just now??
wtf is emotional learning I'm sure that will help in math and biology class
This is how we have a conversation... we take your guns
Start playing offense by removing their only form of defense.
Dems giving "trauma based care" is like Joe Biden running a dare care.
END THE TRAUMA, BY VOTING IN OUR TRAUMA BASED MIND CONTROL PUPPETS
Traumastized
#weapons of war
Uncle Dick
This dumb bitch trying to convince us "it's just a little legislation" - no it's not cunt, and you know it. You get this through, Uncle Rico's deer stand is next.
Give people a chance to turn in their guns: America laughs in waterboat accident.
Red Flag Laws are unconstitutional. Follow FPC on insta
Is everyone drunk or just on some xanax hey no judge I like to get down too
don't hurt your uncle's dick!
Moderators: "What would you do on [insert issue here]"

Dems: *Don't answer the question and have literally done nothing to back up their ideas*
Rachel Maddow so racist
It's easy! Just indoctrinate the kids!
Why does Chuck Tood not get a grown up haircut?
Kek, big difference between confiscation and buyback, Cuck.
Red Flag laws are AUTHORITARIAN, FULL STOP!!!
“RAINBOW SNATCH” LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOL
YOU SHOULD NEED A LISCENSE TO OWN A GUN
Why do they all sound like they are about to cry when they are talking?
How about a Id to vote Spartacus????
Let creepy eyes speak!
Isn’t there some movie where Martians attack the Earth
How about a license to vote?
WE'RE ASKING ABOUT SOMETHING DIFFERENT COREY, YOU DIPSHIT
Lmao Dulaney is like the crazy uncle at Thanksgiving and Grandma like you sit in the corner and stfu
Oh Spartacus
License our rights! GFY booker
If you follow their directions, you shouldnt have to worry!!
did he just drop the token black son card? seriously?
Dems: We need common sense gun control

Also Dems: Fuck the police, who'd enforce common sense gun control.

The make zero fucking sense.
Tune in now to see de Blasio pimp his children!
Does Red Billy have a cunt lip?
democrats have severely low energy LOL
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Any question on how they all were on their knees on Avenatti? How about how they handled Kavanaugh?
impeachment coming up...
No De Blasio, you infanticide loving hack. You are not on the peoples side.
The will of the people matters until they elect a republican. Then fuck them. Right guys? Right?
Lol that guy on the far right can't even get a question or interrupt someome
Calm down chief Warren
She's doing that annoying bobble-thing again. Can't she keep her head still?
These idiots are still operating in a pre-2016 paradigm.  The days of spouting talking points are OVER.  Trump will obliterate them when he gets them off script.  He is totally off the cuff.  He has had three years in this environment.  The Dems are fucking through.  They are trying to impose a scenario that has already been defeated.  They have learned NOTHING!
We have now entered the point of the "presidential debate" where they pitch full takeover for their party
fuck off pocahontas
Narrator: She didn't have a plan
Well if the PEOPLE voted in a REPUBLICAN Senate then the PEOPLE want REPUBLICAN ideals.
None of them will answer the question.  
   
You won’t do jack shit and the turtle runs the label.
Where is Bernie?
Wow chuck isn’t being shy about being partisan
Love how they give everyone 30 seconds. Just enough time.
Booker talks about being black but he has blue eyes lol
...so us anyways else getting ads in spanish and spanish subtitles?
First step act championed by trump too Booker you ingrate
One thing everyone on this stage can agree with us on is FUCK MITCH MCCONNELL
LIBERATED FROM PRISON
passed under Trump
Gov. Inslee please put those teeth away there are children watching
Why isn't Booker bringing up his anti lynching bill that he and Kamala Harris dreamed up with Smollet?
This Is so boring
Hard Bastard is livestreaming this with great commentary (on YT)
Save Miami!
Spitting Bull is screeching mad again
Our towns are burning bois
I actually want to hear more about what the bald white guy has to say. Leave it to the DNC and NBC to ensure that someone who can actually win doesn't have a platform.
No one will win who says Climate is the most important issue to American. 

Cross... who this guy even is... off the list as "possible candidates"
Oh a vision statement? That solves climate change right there lol
Beto coke spoon nose is for cocaine power. His panties are flooded in Iowa with all those girthy farm bois
Capture more carbon out of the air
Woah! SI units.
2 degrees. Good Lord.
Beto, fuck your Celcius, ya commie!
[deleted]
Pro debate tip: say black, not African American; it’s less syllables.
what an idiotic question by Chuck Todd.
PREPARE FOR STUTTER
If we get everyone on Earth to breathe into the ground, boom problem solved.
the party of taxing you and giving that money to foreigners.
Talking about climate change and no one even mentions nuclear?
Ohio man is going to rape climate change to death and not blink when climate change is trying to scratch his eyes out
How in the hell did this Ryan guy even get on stage lol
Castro is the only guy..  Democrats hate sensible people.
Tim Ryan has this perpetual deer-in-the-headlight look. Like he doesn't want to be there but his family is being held hostage under the stage.
elital
The modern Democratic party hates the flyover states
wow....Tim understands why the dems are losing.....he is actually making sense....most woke (in a good way) person up there. props where props are due
Tim "The Machinist" Ryan. Dude needs to get locked up and have a nice nap
They can’t vote in San Juan, numbnuts
Tim Ryan exposing the dems real problem, and they'll hate him for it LMAO!!!!!!!
10 ppl per night is clearly too many ppl. I'm here only for Tulsi and she only talked 2 times, and both questions were about war with Iran. GEOTUS is going to wash them up.
Cuck and Madcow have lost control of the clown mob. That didnt take long.
"Fuck the working class"

- The rest of the Dems
These people don't even know what science is
"Take him out" muh inciting violence
>We are not connecting to the people in the states like the one that I represent

~Tim Ryan

Gee, what was your first clue???
the first step in not having America think your elitist is not by saying Americans think democrats are elitist. thanks for helping everyone see the truth
Chuck needs to bic that head.
[deleted]
LGBTQRSTUV+=%#
White , Black, workers? Que ¿
Tulsi about to start doing some hardcore pandering lol
MUH CLIMATE

In the 40 years of my life, i know the climate. its fucking been the same.
LGBTQDJVNODNJE$MFDOSND!
lies, lies, and more lies
Attack helicopters deserve rights too!
BORING!
Climate change, but no talk about 4th gen nuclear....
It's literally now  LGBTTQQIAAP 

They keep adding more letters I don't care about.
Stop the lynching of Jussie!
Fake Noose!
WUT?!
But lynchings!
Ahhhhh...I was wondering when Booker would bring up his fake lynching / Smollett bill.
Booker has Lazy Eyes
Haha, it's hard for even Tulsi to get out *El,Bee,Gee,Tee,Kew* community.
What about the high suicide rates among transexuals regardless of whether or not they get corrective surgery.
Reparations discussion just around the corner!
They’re coming on Latinos
The murders of trans people are clearly far more important than other murders. Mhm. Yes. Stop THOSE first
Muh black trains
Lynching.....wow
Black people are gonna be really excited when they hear what you all said about illegal immigration earlier...
She looks petrified to be up there
Don't go to school because of fear. They get bullied for being weird. They bring guns to school. 

These people support the mentally ill people that shoot schools up.
gender pay gap invoked! DRINK!
Cory going after that coveted black tranny vote!
Uglier tiger woods
I’m watching a stream on twitch from some retard who is just recording his own triggering. The memes write themselves.
\*APPLAUSE LIGHT GOES ON\*
If you go to a hospital with something as stupid as "swollen hands" they should turn you away to urgent care
I'm hearing that they want illegals to vote
Swollen hands is the leading cause of dead babies?... oh wait that's abortion.
That’s a large list of thugs he’s rattling off.
Whoever did work on Klobuchar’s face should lose their medical credentials. She‘s *crooked* in two ways.
castro can not stop shitting on white people
beto o fake BTFO
Here we go. Waiting for the “both sides” hoax
That goofy ass dude waving in the audience like it’s American Idol.
HEY LET ME UUUUUUH FUCK BETO
Get this guy a coffee.
All of the illegal immigrants could colonize Lester’s forehead
He has actually made them pay what they promised so we have more funds at the UN
Hey now be nice, Beto is just excited to have this many people paying attention in a single room.
I'm convinced De blasio is high af
Trump noticed our “allies” benefiting from relationships with Iran. Sounds like they’re allies of Iran not the USA.
Geez are the going to say anything of substance? Anyone? All these answers are cookie cutter, meaningless blanket statements
Are all Robert’s  answers just bashing trump?
I wish I was spending all of your money somewhere else.
FFS, opium production was nearly zero until we came in.
deblasio is such a tool. 

Every time I hear Richard speak I feel sick and lose my appetite. I haven’t had dinner yet.
Rekt
lol.  Schooled.
Jesus christ those middle east comments.
Omg
F
What, no questions about how the candidates feel about our intelligence agencies illegally spying on a Republican candidate?
He's done
Orange man BAD!
LMAO
“I didn’t say squashed em!”
Fuck off dickhead. Don't even know his name.
Knew that answering was coming.
[🔥 @TrumpWarRoom 💥](https://twitter.com/TrumpWarRoom/status/1144072592682291200):  
>FACT: [President Trump](https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/1134538166919204865)'s administration launched a global campaign to decriminalize homosexuality and is promoting protections for #LGBT people in countries that persecute them.
Uh, Tulsi, the Cuban Missile Crisis called. It wants it prize back for "closest point in history to nuclear war."
Wait is Trump saying we have to withdraw from the world or that we need to start a bunch of wars? I’m confused.
Holy crap these people are fucking morons this is hilarious
Climate change. GTFO
MUH RUSSSSSSSIIIIIIIIAAAAA
CHY NA
Lmao fucking Russia
Muh Russia reeeeeeeee
Oh no here we go
Inslee!  Kek!
F*** this clown show
Shut up you fucking cuck
Democrat bottom line .... We need to have a nuclear war with Russia and Iran to prevent nuclear war and Climate Change
YEAH DE BLASIO, RUSSIA YASSS QUEEN FACEBOOK MEMES
What a bunch of fucking morons
Pander about to increase bigly
It's a debate within very confined borders...
POTENTIAL crimes, lol
Oh boy. Way to be subtle this is a canned speech of soundbites.
We know the facts turd neck
Invasion of our democracy?
Obstruction on a crime that didn’t happen!! Beto makes my blood boil.
A new standard.

Yeah, one where we impeach someone for nothing.
IMP-REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE-CHMENT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Democrats Obama and Clinton all the criminals
IN PEACH because REASONS
Trump's lawless 😂 what
This was a good dose of cringe but I hope Biden ups the ante tomorrow.
Check Todd just got an unfreedom boner over his geopolitical threats.
How dare you question the narrative sir!
If we let the democrats run the elections we’ll have dead people and illegals voting in it...
These segments are really fucking stupid considering March is like 9 months away
i dont think i've ever seen a debate so uncivilized before....someone call Obi Wan Kenobi
IT MATTERS I GAVE PEOPLE MONEY
throwing shit at a wall to see what sticks?
Again, again, again
Yeah Bill. What I think of when I’m in NYC is how easier it is for the workers of NY to pay $2300 for a closet apartment where you have to sleep standing up
Jay Inslee makes Northwesterners look retarded - guy can't even talk without sounding dumb
These people are so fake.
When I thought about running for president, I asked myself? Can I write a book? I said yes, orange man bad content, in book, no brainer.
Pre-K? Is that your closing statement really? lol man
this poor guy only gets to speak during the closing statement lol
I heard nothing but the same breathtaking radical BS the Demos always say m, and never follow through on. What a shitshow! These people are beyond stupid.
Creepy fucker
Why is he stealing GEOTUS' words???
Memes. I need memes.
Rainbows and unicorns for everyone!!
https://i.imgur.com/3WRgR1X.jpg
Love Tulsi quoting a Republican President (Lincoln).  You go, girl!
Get lost julian
Ayayay, me gusta mucho!
"A new century"
Your spanish wasn't that good guy
No es bueno
La Rasa!
She looks like a freak show
nice bumper sticker talking point, loser
Klob didn't listen much to Kavanuagh, did she?
I can win just believe in me please!
Spartacus with the crazy eyes
Is......Klobuchar crying? Her eyes are extra shiny.
I wonder what the Soros payroll breakdown for these fucksticks looks like. The women probably get less...and like it.
Booker trying to channel that inner Spartacus again, eh?
Booker living in the past again.  Maybe he wants to win the 1964 Presidential election.
Hahaha "not the establishment candidate." Ok so you're not the chosen one but you're totally a part of the establishment.
OOOOOOOOOOOOOBAMA, MR BETO
MWhy loiwyer oyv tayken awn foiyts

Why does booker talk like a retarded italian
Listening isn't going to cause other problems to melt away sorry sweetheart. You sound naive
ALUMINUM BLANKETS!
Should be child abuse to have a parent like beto
what a day...they can't stop us
Apparently, Booker can beat POTUS TRUMP..
And look what that got us!
"So I faked my ethnicity"
What's with the weird audio issues?  Uh, Beto, you lost.
Grandma Warren!
Finally it's over. Thank you.
What a shit show that was, lol.
You are there because you FUCKING LIED YOUR WAY there!
Well that was terrible
Is she talking about her 100% white 0% Native American family?
I can't wait.
Here we go again...
Puh fuckin thetic
They should compare debate night ratings - losing team has to go to tribal council and vote someone off their debate squad. I honestly don't think Warren's team will survive til the merger without a team shakeup. Buttiegeg may be a white male but he still competes in challenges with his LGBT card.
Here comes big mike. GUARANTEED!!
I missed the train wreck how bad was it.I’ll watch Thursday night debate.
Ask your friends which candidate their excited about.. ask them which policies they stand behind...
Ask them what they dislike about Trump and his supporters.. guarantee it’ll be like talking to a brick wall.. kinda of sad really.. it’s 1984 kids, even my own mother, who gave that book to me to warn me about things like this doesn’t see it... the brain washing is deeeep
“Hey, look! I speak Spanish! That’s how you *know* I support the Latino community and immigration!”

This is the debate for President of the *United States of America*. Please speak the language that everyone understands.

What an absolute clown show. I think the shit I took yesterday has a better chance of a dem election. Trump is going to smoke 2020. Dems are just too embarrassed to admit that Trump is actually doing a good job.
I'm watching right now and I have to keep pausing it. These clowns are making me cringe so much It's like I'm having a stroke. First Warren saying only blacks are in private prisons, some guy virtue signaling in spanish, People clapping about the wage gap myth, Gabbard being asked the wage gap questions only to give a non-answer and the awkward claps that followed...UGHHHH. CRINGE!

edit: I am in physical and psychological pain. Send help.
Yeah...thats gonna be a hard pass for me.
All you Tulsi fans need to FUCK OFF!
So where is Biden. Is he touching someone in the back?
PLEASE YELL LOUDER WARREN
Speak English fucker.
That spanish out of nowhere LUL LULULU
Betoooooo broooooo lmao
this is a Lollapalooza of pandering retards, not sure how much I can take

need a breather https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dIWkifAMiLI
Consolidation is bad mmmmKay?
CHY             
NA
MUH OBAMACARE
Elizabeth doesn't have private insurance
The WOO from the crowd on banning private insurance lol so much excitement for the government to enter their life
Literally talking out the side of her mouth.  Nasty Woman
ah yes, talking about bringing jobs back to the US, careful dems voters might get confused which party you are running for
This vapid bitch is taking ideas out of Trump’s playbook lmao 😂
**CANT BEAT HER OWN PARTY BUT ATTACKING GEOTUS LMFAO**
MEMELORDS:  AMY ALL FOAM NO BEER
There should be a bingo game about how much of Trump's platform the Dems steal.
Retarded Level

--->>>>> Elizabeth Warren 




--->>>>> That Corky kid from Life goes on.
wow, i have a positive thing to say from this debate: Tulsi looks nicely shaggable
Is it still ok to say "When I'm president..." when you are <1%?
##INAVDERS HAVE RIGHTS.  YOU CITIZENS ARE ALREADY OUR PROLES
Elizabeth Warren is a major threat. The campaign has to zero in on her. Everyone else is a clown that will implode.
If Democrats stopped shooting people, maybe things would get better.
A gay muslim shot up a gay bar so ban gays & muslims and a tranny shot up a school so ban trannys!
2nd amendment isn’t about hunting you ugly bitch
African American Trans Americans... all 6 of them
I thought he was Chinese.
President Obama and President Trump? WTF?! Former President Obama, you hipster biatch.
Taliban....what year to do they think it is?
China?  Good thing we have a president kicking their ass
Dulaney is so stupid
Season premiere of Apprentice is disappointing. Wake me up when GEOTUS makes his entrance
#THE SKY IS FALLING!
Conservatives are the most shunned and persecuted group in America currently-what do you plan to do about that Tim?
A candidate running for president speaking spanish. Never thought I'd see the day.... what the fuck have we come to.
Gabbard will say something about her service.
Let the blood sport begin! FREE SHIT FOR ALL!
Isn't it fucking weird, Robert's name is "Beto"...

Democrats are fucking scum, they try to do anything, to try and relate to people.
Yes, no or pass!
#SPARTACUS
Did the SAP button break on my TV screen? Oops, that's just Beto speaking Spanish.
How does it constrict innovation?
Debate started promptly at 9PM Eastern, lots of livestreams are dead, this one works:

https://streamfare.com/msnbc.html
Plenty of money in the wrong hands. Ha! Fuck you, Jackass.  Try to take mine.
Elizabeth Warren is a joke... get off the stage and go back to the reservation.
Lester barely hiding his excitement. Unbiased my ass.
This is the bitch that called Judge Kav a drunk 🙄
Suddenly domestic manufacturing matters! Guess those jobs can come back after all!
"Senator Klobachur, why did you think it was normal to eat a salad with a hair comb?"
If the movie Idiocracy contained a presidential debate....this would be it.
When she’s done talking, she’ll crack open a corona
AlL FOaM aNd NO BEeR
"I want the government to pay to kill babies" is a bold statement
Illegal.  The word is illegal.   ILLEGAL
[TRUMP TWEET: BORING!](https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/1144056731653169152)
His Spanish is horrible. GTFO
Purple tie
Fight! Fight! Fight! Fight! Fight!

Someone throw a knife in there.
They're trying to out Mexican one another.
THIS GUYS A JOKE!!! WE DO NOT WELCOME THE REFUGES!!!
It’s okay bois we have the POWER OF GOD AND ANIME
David Hogg is a fucking moron and coward
LICESNES TO VOTE THEN FAGGOT
We are a REPUBLIC
[deleted]
This is such a freak show.
creepy
Thats was from record snow fall not "climate change" 

Thats just weather bitchboy
STU STU STU STUTTTTTER
I would say deblasio has had the best night and thats hard to say with the clownish gibberish coming out of him
Wow, that bald guy is stupid
Was Tulsi Gabbard in A Nightmare on Elm Street?
What a spectacular troupe of losers for this very special shitshow, episode 1.
Get those kids working in the fields!
[deleted]
i just lost my dinner thanks to tulsi's acne scars
Oh man, we get the ugly dude as a moderator
Moderator: "You are all certainly stunning and brave for being here. Question 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6....21, 22, 23 and our final question of the night: is Orangeman bad?"

Response from all candidates at the same time: " *ORANGEMAN BAD!* "

Post-debate coverage on CNN: "Absolutely inspiring the depth of the policy debate given tonight!"
Deport the reddit admins
#MUH FREEEEEEE SHIT
Free everythang! Plz vote
Who's going to give the most free stuff?
"we'll talk about the economy" the last thing they mentioned
What the hell is a "latin ex"?
GIVE ME THE FREE SHIT NAOOOOO!
Warren wearing purple.  Has she been welcomed into the club?
She sure was ready for that question. Hmmmm.
ORANGE MAN BAD
It wouldnt be free dumbass
I can’t watch this. It’s making my head explode.
we got a freebie!
FREE FREE FREE
EVERYTHING IS FREE

losers
I'll save you the time. Everyone wants to give you everything for free.
SPANGLESE!!!
I don’t care about your life studies student loan.... I got an engineering degree and was able to pay it off in 7 years easy
Bruh, did he really just start speaking Spanish. Lmfao
Rofl, fuck off Robert
OH MY GOOOOD SERIOUSLY ?!
Me llamo Beto
Lmao yeah that little publicity stunt is going to backfire.
Its like they are all reading from the same NPC script
LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOL
FYI, youtube has great comment options, but it's supporting google.
Hahahahahah
This  is like a school play where everybody has their paragraph to recite
Who the f can't figure out how to vote?
Hmm...he’s really made things great in NJ!
Mark down Beta for a 28% top tax rate!
that fishmouth
Lousy spanish.  Go away, "denton."
TARDIDCUS!!!!!!!!!
https://reddit-stream.com/comments/auto
 I’m so poooooorrrrr.,.
Bad Lester!! Question based on false premise!!
Who’s the Asixn Latinx?
Tulsi is dangerous
Leftists and their guaranteed outcomes.
what does tulsi have against rich people lmao
What the fuck is wrong with Gabbards face?
When you control for education, and time spent on the job etc women make 7% less. NOT 20% like feminists say.

&#x200B;

THIS IS WITHIN NEGOTIATION RANGE.
Feminist Alert.
Does he really live in a low income community? Someone fact check pls
Julian Castro looks asian....and tired.
Amy Klobuchar Sad 🤡
They all smug now lol
Free money!!!
How can you fix a "problem" in the US when you can't manage your microcosm?
Mr. 0% is speaking... can we just skip his turn?
Damn, his teeth need a power washing like a NY building exterior.
Free indoctrination camps!
If corporations are unfair and need to be broken up, then why didn't Obama do it when he had a supermajority?
Baldy Delaney lookin short
I’m bald
>`this is not a strictly rehearsed speech`
Who's this guy?
That Streamfare site keeps stuttering for me.
I would love to see these guys talk about breaking up the big tech giants that donate exclusively to the DNC.
they aren't meeting the trump bashing per minute prediction yet
bill deblasio reminds me of rex ryan
> MONEY IS IN THE WRONG HANDS!
FUCK UNIONS.
Who's this guy?
ORANGE MAN BAD
De Blasco isn't even talking about what he's going to do as president, he's just shilling for democratic party.
When did Trump say turbines cause cance
I can't stand to look at those communists. I know exactly what they will say, each one of them, spelled in different ways: ORANGE MAN BAD REEEEEEEEE. Communist losers.
"Wind turbans".
Is that d*** Cheney
this guy looks terrified
>McDonald's is the epitome of the working class
Jobs jobs jobs!   Yet we’re at the highest employment rates in recent history!  Fire Donald?
General Motors CEO donates to Hillary Clinton
Have these people ever heard of the 80/20 rule?
I got a $3 raise working at a resturant... does that count mr guy
💩 Show
Tim Ryan spicy boi.
Bobblehead is trying to steal Bernie voters.
Can someone provide still image of Booker looking at Beta?
woo woo woo woo woo woo
get a load of this...they 'randomly drew' the names of who would appear tonight and tomorrow night. bernie, pedo joe, yang, and buttigieg were 'randomly picked' for night 2.

https://heavy.com/news/2019/06/where-are-bernie-sanders-joe-biden-tonights-debate/

tomorrow:

#Marianne Williamson, Andrew Yang, Joe Biden, John Hickenlooper, Pete Buttigieg, Eric Swalwell, Bernie Sanders, Kamala Harris, Kirsten Gillibrand, and Michael Bennet.
One of them should just say I'll do what Trump is doing, except I'm a democrat and they'd probably win, lol
That would make a great DNC slogan. “All Foam, No Beer” me personally I like beer just like my boy Kavanaugh.
You can watch here a few seconds behind but it robs NBC/MSNBC of viewers. Indie person is streaming their hulu. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hL1oicZjXIA
Warren is just so despicable, then again all dems are. Free money! Orange man bad! Anything else
Time to put the SAP on your tv
Health care is a right enshrined...where?
How come nobody is answering any of the questions?
Whats the Trump reference count at so far?
It's not a human right to force other people to care for your health.
He's 27!!!! I never went to the dr either
Beta CUK
Will 3/4 of your voter base get better with your mental health plan?
Can the host do us all a favor and have them pull straws?
wow deblasio so brave!
Anyone willing to bet MSNBC did NOT work with the DNC to craft the questions and script this whole evening?
What channel are to are you all watching? Mine has Chris Cuomo giving a speech.
[Elizabeth Warren is really excited to kick you off your private health insurance](https://twitter.com/lizrnc/status/1144052875716378629?s=21)
Are they trying to run Warren? She'll never win with the Native American memes
Deblasio just kicked him in the nut
Oh my god everything Beto says is like he's pretending to be a president. It's so transparent.
I'm surprised Beto has gone this long without standing on his podium
**DOESNT KEEP WHATS WORKING FIXES WHATS WORKING**
Who the fuck is this guy on the end?    
   
“Sit down, cousin.”
IT’S TURTLE TIME
This guy sounds like Rich Eisen
Where’s kratos when you need him
**FREE......!!!!**
If if if you like your healthcare, you can can ...okie doke Medicare.
beto got punked out and then john came in and shut both them up. clown show
Maybe your Daddy should run for President.
Medicare rates won’t work, clinics won’t operate at those rates, they’ll close, fucking idiots
Kermit!
get government OUT OF HEALTH CARE!!!

COMPLETELY!!!
Will the healthcare options cover the nausea hearing Corey Booker speak?
"how much will you increase tax rate to pay for all of this?"

-- questions that will never be asked
I wish we had that loud boxing ref to yell timme into the mic when time's up.
FAUXCAHONTAS
Actually in Bookers community they have a short life expectancy due to gang violence that he never corrected when he played mayor
Warren interrupts. Who's in charge here Lester?
Such low energy. All of them. *YAWN*
They'll be exempt from their own policies. That's what they don't tell you.
Warren has been anointed

GEOTUS is a shoe-in
the politician thumb point... ugh
What the fuck is Klobuchar doing with her hands?!
Will it be The Fake Native? the guy with a DUI/Hit and Run? or The closet homosexual? (not like there's anything wrong with that)
WOMYN WOOHOOOO
ok, Lurch
What a scumbag. Killing your child is healthcare. GO FUCK YOURSELF>
Someone has to pay for those abortions
REPRODUCTIVE JUSTICE!!

Dems inventing phrases. The dude didn't even elaborate on what that fucking meant.
Let's all talk at once!
When are the moderators going to ask which candidates support tax payers paying for healthcare of illegal aliens while they're on the subject of healthcare costs?
What the hell is Julian talking about? Trans women having abortions?
Men can have Abortions!  Bingo!
Oh two key words now
Never noticed before. Pocahontas has surprisingly saggy ear lobes.
The answer is not letting the govt control our healthcare, the VA SUCKS this is Clownworld!
is this the one that eats salad with a comb?
3 women up there? robert warren and tulsi?
Bloody hell, my choices tonight politically are the debate shitshow, or watching the Dems kick our asses in the ball game...
No limits! Everyone gets an abortion any time they want (max 3 /year)!
Reproductive justice is called making HER pay the child support.
**ABORTION + TRANS == WARREN**
Is Castro trans?
Corey bookends loves opioids and urgency of bladder to pay
“The OPIOD crosses”
Just copying Trump 😂😂😂
IT'S  A POZ OFF

&#x200B;

THE MOST DEGENERATE WINS

&#x200B;

ONWARDS TO WEIMAR... and what comes after :)
Beto looks and sounds like Napoleon Dynamite haha
Let the crabs tear at each other from getting out of the bucket
The giant lurch left.
Weed is bad???? I'm not sure what he wants to do here.
... and were back to another round of promising free stuff! WOOOOO
Gotta love being in the 6 others category.
Can we take a moment to appreciate Owen's bread?
Aren't these people in government already? Why don't they talk about bills they've put forward to fix these issues?
Fucking propaganda bullshit.
Out, out, out!
Here come the immigration questions! Get ready pedes!
OH GOD NOT THIS ONE!
First commercial break...

Warren was set up to "win the debate" by MSNBC and the debate organizers. The fix was in from the beginning. It's Warren vs. two people (Booker and Beto) at 2-4% and seven other people polling at 1% or worse.

Debates without Trump are incredibly boring now.

Will the Democrats care about nuanced policies, minute details on health care, private insurance, and prescription drugs, or will they focus solely on getting rid of Trump?
Here it comes 😂🤣🤣🤣
😭 😭 😭
IF THEY WERE SEEKING ASYLUM WHY WERE THE CROSSING THE RIVER
Oh lawd, here we goooo
He said PISS!!!!!
He's gonna cry.
Lmao  they needed that virtue signal in so they made sure to just go "Something something TRANS!" even though it had nothing to do with the topic. If half the country wasn't brainwashed 2020 would be a fucking landslide.
How many points does Julio get for being the first to cry???
Time for some fake tears
valeria DIED
People die all the time trying to sneak into canada during the winter .
MARSHALL PLANNN NATION BUILDING
Lmao
What a shit show
#UNHINGED
No they won’t.  We will deal with it.
If you can swim you can come to America
Who is buying this shit???
HOLY FUCK BETO, BOOKER, ROUND 1 , FIGHT!!
Oh fuck off with that pandering by using spanish
LOL BOOKER HAHAHAHAHAH
Libs: WTF I love meddling in S American governments now!
A democrat in the white house will actually solve the immigration crisis...

Because the media will stop reporting on it.
"Reinstate daca" 

It never went away lol it just hasn't been renewed
None of them will explain how large a number of 680,000 people coming into the country randomly and illegaly in the passed 8 months is. They are blind just like their supporters.
Spanish Spartacuck!

Kek!
Wtf!
Hey Cory! Let’s be sensitive dawg, use the fucking accent when you say their names asshole!
so one way or another universal healthcare is coming. damn.
WHY IS HE YELLING
DeBlasio did that to you!
“Workers of the world unite!”
Hahahahaha BETA BACK FOR MAS ESPANOL
"Vamos a tratar...."
LOL BETO
Even the moderator...
Ok that moderator is really getting on my nerves.
This is so god damn funny. Where is trump to live tweeting.
I wish that was actually the dem platform, then it would be a fun fight to watch
No walls, no cages, no borders, no America.

Let's just give America to Mexico.
Man when do straight white Americans get anything?
Everyone is out to attack Robert O’Rourke lol he’s going to be the first one voted off the island
I’m shook.
beta's Spanish is shit
Roberto doesn't like speaking spoke to in  Spanish.
Any democrat who doesn't want to turn America over to the control of Mexico forever is a racist.
Muh section 1325
Why do they keep talking to Castro about illegal immigration? That’s raycist
Fuck I need to enable captions for this shit.  This is nuts.
Jesus the amount of soy mouth in this debate.
The source of the problem of people coming over the border is - AMERICA IS AWESOME!
AMERICA is the deadliest country according to democrats because guns are scary REEEEEEE
Rob is definitely shook lol
Fight!!!
We need a TRUMP tweet
i swear if warren busts out a smoke pipe to virtue signal more than these cucks...
Castro is talking about everybody else = let them all in.
Robert is getting sonned right now.
Beta and the Chinese guy look and sound so beta it’s scary — estrogen is flowing tonight
BETO IS A WET BLANKET. CHANGE MY MIND.
So they are using Asylum interchangeably with illegal immigration
LOL
🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡
I suspect there will be an orgy at a Miami hotel  right after.
Hombre de naranja malo!
Dem debate: when who's talking doesn't matter because they talk over each other constantly and all say the same shit.
Totally out of control now.
No they are the opposite of America🤡🤡🤡
Platitudes
I dare any of them to answer the question on making illegal immigration legal.
This pow wow has Warren looking shook.
We need workers in our Field —- munnysoda laydee
Immigrants... not Citizens, you're the real Americans.
Ahh just as useless as I figured. I'm not watching a single one of these.. too phony and predictable.

I'll miss these because Trump's primary debates were a thing of beauty but thank goodness for repeats. His burial of JEB! in SC on CBS was prime time entertainment for me and the fam. We all enjoyed it like a goldmine. This is like instant ZZZquil.
I don’t think our economy NEEDS illegals
It is already a crime, you dolts
"There are terrorists down south but crossing the border illegally shouldn't be a crime"
I don’t see anything hateful or divisive about trump.
Three week diapers full of shit?
Now they're saying illegal aliens should get free Healthcare! Where does it end?
Remove healthcare for terrorists.
HATE. FEAR. DIVISION. REEEEEEE.
Glory Days!
Habla español, por favor.
I used to be dating Cory Booker but then  I found out he was seeing someone else the whole time.
We solve this problem by BUILDING THE FUCKING WALL
Why does Corey look like he just got caught masturbating in a daiper with a bonnett on?
I dunno if I want Tim Ryan to be president but I bet he'd be a fun drinking buddy.
He should tell us about how he’s Spartacus again
BORING!
So far Corey gets the Academy Award.  He's been to prisons, after all.
Release the children in the diapers, with the snot? That doesn't see right.
....release the children? Until their hearings?
Free college for illegal immigrants!
what about Americans?
Beto is weak as fuck. He can't even respond to people criticizing him, just sticks to his talking points
What a cuck
Womp Womp
So much playing the class warfare card.  Those evil rich people...
Here we go with hawkishness on Iran
Yet another person didn't answer Savannah's question.
this is why i love trump and im blown away people can hate him all these politicians are so full of shit and talk like robots with no emotion
We need to just put a 5 year moratorium on all immigration while we fix this mess through deportation.
Criminal Illegals treated badly at the border? How about American children murdered by these Criminal Illegals here in the US?
AOC latest stunt was to help pander to this debate. No actual substance except maybe for the Delaney guy, but they are all emotion without thought.
Obama gave Iran billions!!!
Minnesota teeth are a good time
These are some hard hitting questions.
*literally*
comb salad has no neck and it's bugging me out
[Chicken Hawk!](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Henery_Hawk#/media/File:Heneryhawk.jpg)
Is Biden hiden?
Literally Iran sympathizers
Yeah, let’s deal with Iran! They’ll surely hold up their end of the bargain.
Tonight: a bunch of Democrat pansies say they would go to Iran, beg forgiveness, and say "please don't develop nukes."
What is it with dems sexualizing Trump? Projecting pretty hard, I guess.
This might land better if Trump hadn’t just shown restraint with Iran.
My redline is my bMX bike don’t fucking touch it Brad you faggotttt
Shut up mayor
Oh god these losers lol
Rachel Maddow? Oh god...
Here comes Mad Cow and Sleepy Eyes. I can barely contain my excitement.
That's a lovely gay couple.
Hey look, it's Cuck Todd.
Woohooo gun talk
Madcow!!  I just threw-up a little in my mouth...
If I was a democrat I'd vote for Samantha Guthrie. She's the best candidate so far
Ah the dude is on.
OH GOD!!! WE WENT FROM REGULAR CLOWNS TO IT THE CLOWNS!
MY BODY MY CHOICE

#2ND AMMENDMENT
Cuck and Mr. Madcow!!
Kill the job creating corporations and bring in low-skilled illegals. That's their platform.
Who is the dude in glasses talking now?
Here we go, this is where the real stupidity starts
we've been watching for an hour. we get it.
Lowest energy crowd I’ve seen.
Ten more of these moose knuckles.
Honestly, what have they said that helps Americans?
Oh here we go.  Russia Russia Russia!
Lol what a shit show
NOT RACHEL 🤢
Madcow and F Chuck Todd.
Jesus her eyes lit the fuck up when he mentioned gun deaths.
They really think these are the most important issues??...so fucking out of touch
Fake news losing the broadcast
She's coked up af
> confiscate all guns

> Gives me all your money for, like, green shit and stuff
Please don’t send poor confiscaters to my neighborhood it’s not ending well
That’s the cia
###**LMAO**
WTF
WTH? These people want to run the country, but they can't even operate proper audio during this debate.
Where is the Hogg guest appearance?
Clown show.
#low energy production!
Amateur hour. Nice job, PMSNBC.🤦🏽‍♂️
IT'S TRUMPS FAULT!!
Train wreck.
Jajaja
This is just a cotest of who can give away more free shit lol
NBC: we're fucking up bad, put yellow pants back on to talk shit about Trump's victory
CLOWN SHOW
MSNBC fucking this up too
"and then there was Pennsylvania"

Yaaaaaas
The only thing that could make this debate more entertaining is we had a surprise visit from Jeb!
Well as enjoyable as hour one was I can't watch Rachel Maddow and even pretend theres any credibility to this. That's it for me tonight
Do the people tomorrow get same questions? How is this fair either way?
Where do they cherry pick these stats that can’t be fact checked ?
Her hardest Question: What is your DNA?
drunk driving is dangerous so lets ban all sober drivers to solve the problem- warren
Weapons of war, take a drink
Warren ramping up the scratchy throat to sell her snake oil.
Will she take guns. Is the US ready for confiscations?
Here it comes, they're all excited and nervous about outing themselves as pro-gun seizures
Listening to this collection of fools ensures why Trump will win in an unprecedented landslide in 2020.
It will be hilarious watching the dem candidate try to run for the center after nomination, the flipflops will be EPIC!
Pow Wow Chow! !!
What about mental health?
So ... you don’t know ... nice try Liz
Research problem ???
Researchers this, it’s my right as a citizen to own a gun. Twat.
Where does a majority of that gun violence come from? 

Gangs. I bet they register all their guns.
Double down on research... just like climate change. MOAR GOV SOCIAL PROGRAMS $$$$$$$$$$$
Even the moderators sound annoyed at the candidates not answering the question
what works is eliminating gun free zones, free guns for all citizens, free gun training, arming teachers...
ASSAULT RIFLE......DRINK!
OK to have guns if you never use them. -- Fauxcahontas.
"WEAPONS OF WAR" LMFAO

More cancerous anti-gun propaganda
It’s always FOR THE CHILDREN
\*VIRTUE-SIGNALLING INTENSIFIES\*
Shall not be infringed
Goofy Liz won't answer the question.
Lol chuck todd gonna go door to door for the Democrats to get the guns back haha
Elizabeth Warren wants to attack Gangs and Booker is on board; both districts are sh*t.
Hard to think of something worse than a president that cries. Looooser
Gun shots are from a 70 in oled TV in his other room.
Research? like climate change?
Dude Looks Like the alien from American Dad or some show I don't watch
BORING!
Bold agenda without the bold
Wtf is Warren smoking?
How does this young boy still have a job?
What is Spartacus faith?
The whole "thoughts and prayers do nothing" is getting tiring. Neither will anything you do. Manipulation to the max.
Who's the guy with the glasses moderating? With the never-ending neck?
Who the boy in the glasses?
Never trust a man who cant look your straight in the eye... should tell you everything you need to know about Booker.
Shall not be infringed
What clown world are you living in bro?
Can't force reparations if people still have their guns.
What is wrong with that guy LOL!
Made it 10 minutes. Cant handle it anymore.
What is he talking about
MUH SERIOUS RESEARCH PROBLEM

LOFingL
What if Spartacus had a gun?
lol- he's delusional
Every one of these people would get wiped across the floor by Trump in a debate. Holy shit!
Tim Ryan knows guns. He's got that 1000 yard stare
Who is this guy?
We got to stop bullies now!
This is Parkland bullshit is ResidentSleeper
This guy needs a stool to see over the podium
This guy does not blink....wth
YEAH AND YOU LOST, DIPSHIT

no one cares
Wuppins of warrrr
Ryan and Booker would make a good romantic pair
We have background checks you dimwit!!!!
LOL you sure are doing things wrong!
UNCLE DICK
It's truly an offer you can't refuse.
Parklin
Holy shit. Did Zack Snyder come in and CGI Betos mustache.
Uncle Dick!?
Turtle saves seats!!!!
The assault weapon ban *absolutely* did that
Give them the offer to buy back....or what Amy?
If we indoctrinate early.. it’s the best thing that could ever happen. FTFY
COCAINE MITCH MAKES HIS FIRST APPEARANCE!
Dem 1: I will subjugate the population!                
Dem 2: No *I* will subjugate the population.              
                    
These psychos need to be run out of the country.
Cory Booker is pro voter Id now
Oi u got a loiciense for that gun?
Cory's gate?

 [http://magaimg.net/img/8b5z.jpg](http://magaimg.net/img/8b5z.jpg)
Ahh but you shouldn't need a license to vote though right?
And yet the Democrats are in favor of assisted suicide hmm
Facelift Amy wants children to lead the nation.
HAHA you wish Cory
yeah, let's see how many Americans agree with this leftist bullshit
Damnit they're all doing it
How many black eyes did Beto give his neighbors by now? Fucker reminds me of the used car lot inflatable flailing giant, which have always been troubling for me to look at.
Quarantine Bill!
Am I the only one that noticed Beta's double speak shenanigans is a great argument for a single official language?  He says nothing because he has half the time and has to repeat himself.
The effort to ban and take our guns must be lead by the 7 year old children who asked Pocahantas if they are safe.
They do not agree with the policy directions of the Dems.
Does he look like Trayvon?
Elitist mayor of New York says Democrats need to stop acting like elites.
I can't watch more than a couple minutes of these clowns. I'm afraid my eyes might get permanently stuck in the back of my head from rolling them so much.
okay....?
"we are a democracy" yeah for now.. As long as you're not president
Pandering Olympics here
Warren is rich as fuck and got that way in congress
Where was the answer?
Goofy Pocahontas - OK
Digital b****
Soooo you don’t need a license to vote tho.
angry bitch
Mitch 2.0 is a real threat
Delaney get behind me. 

Then His exe crashed:

Ok naked private insurance
[deleted]
Booker blinks like Zuckerberg.
did gov Jay have a stroke recently?
"Muh climate change!"
This guy is "The only candidate" of whatever
Climate change could go ham and inundate this debate stage in Miami rn and nothing of value would be lost.
Which candidate was the one who said school shooting is caused by mental illness not the gun
Beto intones consonantly.
Well you know me I’m on a sea wall diet ... I see wall I eat it!!! Lol San HJuan Puerto Rrriiicoh
Who is going to get the votes? Which are the top 3 contenders?
SAD!
Deport all the illegals and baby killers
Tim Ryan reminds me of Tom Sizemore.
Building and growing our way out of a climate crisis... Isn't that just : "Keep doing what we're doing?"
Ryan has a point.
Solar panels don't work at night and the wind doesn't always blow. What will Democrats do to provide power at night and on calm days?
REEEEE HES PANDERING TONSTRAIGHTS
HOLY SHIT. SOMEONE'S TELLING THE TRUTH QUICK CHECK AND SEE IF HELL FROZE OVER!!
Ain’t nobody taking out Lindsey Graham 2.0.
[deleted]
“Ilietal” is that an elite illegal?
This dude is the only one making any sense, but I don’t know his name
that bigot missed like 10 marginalized communities
So many crazy eyes on stage tonight!
Blah blah blah
Ah, the carbon tax. Still burn the same amount of fuel, just less money to feed my family afterwards!
is this the first time Tusli has spoken?
Equality cock
LBJT.      Q
LGB is the only part that matters.
Eric Trump fucked up not prosecuting that POS leftist.  He only encourages further attacks!
don't watch too long. Like seconds only. Like looking at the sun too long  it's dangerous dude.
LMFAO they're gatekeeping their virtue signaling now

Oppression Olympics
African American Tans.  Is that the most oppressed?  I think he needed to add Muslim.
Lynching!!!
What about A+ BIGOT REEEEEEEE
Lol booker. He’s my new BAE for pollsters. sorry warren, you’re last week. lol
RESPECT TO THE "FIRST DEM UP HERE"
StOp tHe LyNchInGS WhItEy!
Why do they all look traumatized
MUH 61 CENTS
FEAR, that's how I'll win election
Enthooose them
[deleted]
Klubachar better pander to the Somalians.

They pretty much took over MPLS-STP.
EVERYONE CAN VOTE IF YOU ARE LEGAL, KLOBUCHAR.
 PRESIDENT TRUMP GOT THE FIRST STEP ACT DONE YOU STUPID CUNT
Latinos can be turned to conservatives due to social issues!
These idiots are still on the identity politics, amazing.
lol Dylan Roof
I can memorize names too!
FUCK YOU LESTER HOLT YOU WERE DONE
Swollen Hands!!!!
What a crowd of cucks
Hmm looks like Julian was looking at notes. Interesting.
Speak Spanish Beto your LAAATINO too.
Oh... like Britain and France? Yeah, that's the solution iraq 2.0
Don't squash them, just give them a good talking to.
Machinist Ryan looks like he's about to beat up Tulsi lol
Dumbass pandering Inslee
14,000 people still in Afghanistan.
The biggest threat is Donald Trump and Muh Russia
Yea I wouldn't argue foreign policy with someone who has served. There's just no winning.
They're cheering for that sorry ass response hahahahahaha

Orange man bad
Orange man bad
Who is this guy he looks like he's going to cry in a debate jahaha
Orange man bad woooooo!
Yelling at a woman REEEEEEEEE
MUH RUSSIA......HURRRR DURRRR
RUSSIAAAAAAAAAAAA WEW LADS
Will anyone say Fake News?
You're supposed to have a unique answer or you just look unprepared lmao
Yikes
Finally; RUUUUUUUUUSIA
RUSSIAR**U**SS**I**AR*USS*IA*RUSS**I**A*
threat is donald trump thats pathetic
IMPEACH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
If you cannot even impeach how you gonna throw him in jail you retard?
I don't know whether too tell at the tv or to laugh
Here we go... The narrative
Trump is in Alaska with the Troops!
F. Chuck Todd.
Gotta sneak in a break to give you all more time.  👌🏻
Repeat! Guess not much for them to talk about.
what a goofy looking person
yes delaney we heard how you grew up 5 times tonight buddy
Democrats refuse solutions.
Jay Inslee going for the "Dear Diary" approach to navel-gazing onstage.
THE ONLY CANDIDATE
They have no thoughts besides resist
Moral certainty?
God that monotone lol
How in the fuck do these braindead, idiotic lunatics think they have what it takes to beat GEOTUS?
Tim... the Simpson’s called. They want you back.
Good luck man being the President isn't going to change China's shit pollution policy. But keep pretending America is the problem.
I can't believe democrats think these candidates were "moderate"
We're almost a quarter of the way through the new century sweetheart
OH MY GOD LOL
A new century!
oh here we go!
Lord, thy will be done on earth as it is in Heaven.
MR JOISEY
LADIES AND GENTLEMEN, WE HAVE FOUND THE HACKER.
What a fucking clown
ILL GOVERN BY SHOWING THE BEST OF WHO WE ARE.....LOL WHAT?
As a gag someone should start speaking Italian.
Good cringe levels but  I hope it will be much more cringe tomorrow.
Very low stamina candidates
>GETTING RID OF HIM

Yeah, that's gonna be a big NO from me, fam.
Shut up white 0bama
you cant win with such a nose
They are shilling for her to get the most air time and look the "best."
We don't believe your ass is up there either, Lyin Liz.
orouke for illegal immigrants
Just started from the beginning. They all look so fake and idiotic. My sides can't handle this but I must go on.

I wonder if I should create a drink game for anything with, "free", "migrants", "environment", "global warming" and "muh 1%".

Edit - Jesus Christ the fake Indian is talking first and is literally reading a script of the above I mentioned. Good lord this will be tough.

Edit 2 - LOL BETO IS SPEAKING SPANISH. What the fuck am I watching. Is this even America? Is this a literal pander overload, can the stream handle this type of cringe.
Warren just cant wait to get this over with, go home, thank her husband for being there, and go and uh...get me a beer
These people make it look really easy to be a DNC runner. What a wash-out.
You got your chance by LYING
OH MY GOD HOW DID SHE GET INTO COLLEGE
Anyone else think the Trump ads on youtube were more exciting than the debate?
liz WARren looks like farts.
Violent J and Shaggy 2 Dope should sue the DNC for plagiarism.
Booker looks like he has raped a couple migrant children during his time as mayor and Castro, well, let's just say he's not opposing to child sex trafficking and would love more illegal kids from central america into his mansion.
For me, I thought Tulsi handled herself the best out of the group to be honest.  Although I really, really hope that it's Warren who gets the DNC nomination - that woman is as dumb as a sack of rocks.
Hey Castro, you know what a good "Marshall Plan" is for Latin America? Keeping their citizens out of America so those wouldbe illegals actually **vote** in their countries and hold the corrupt politicians accountable so they can help their OWN people.
Trump was right - boring bunch of stiffs. All trying to out virtue-signal each other. 

It was sickening. Free this, free that, free everything. Karl Marx homecoming speech.
Who in the fuck is Castro?  I've never seen, or heard this guy mentioned ever, not even once.
"...the immigrants didn't do that to you.  The big corporations did that to you."  --De Blasio

&#x200B;

Way to lecture to the uneducated.  Way to win Michigan back dude!
Warrens opening is retarded. The moderator starts with saying 70% thinks the economy is doing great and her reply is that it is working for a thinner and thinner slice at the top. How is 70% a THIN TOP??
Let the fools begin...
Let the 🤡 show begin.  Who will be able to out leftist who??
LET THE CLOWN GENERATED CONTENT BEGIN!!
Even with the quarantine they can’t stop our HIGH ENERGY!
“A war with Iran would be much more costly than the war with Iraq.”

Not if we turn them into a pile of rubble and waltz out. WE DON’T NEED EXIT STRATEGIES.
Thanks for creating/stickying this thread and not ignoring the event just because it’s going to be anti-trump.
[Anthony Brian Logan LiveStreaming Debates](https://youtu.be/iaLDUIg7doI)
22 Losers who will NEVER be President
This thread has zero upvotes? lol
Speak English Robert.
I turn this on to see the shit show and this asshole is speaking Spanish. Thanks for delivering you clowns.
This is already better than i thought it would be.
SPARTACUS
Hawain senator is a babe have to give it up. Just wish she didn't have clown makeup on with her political choices.
I might vote for Lester Holt’s forehead.
Goofy Liz: I believe we can paint with all the colors of the wind.
Only 2 Dems raised their hand?  Why did Obamacare get passed?
Cue laugh track
[wind turban](https://i.pinimg.com/originals/84/e1/90/84e190c60dde3356718eb1a74f10e344.png)
ALL FOAM-NO BEER
What bathhouse did Booker T. Weepington pick  Spanish up in?
"By securing our border, we lose border security."
#BORING!
PMSNBC seems to be having issues, or is it just Cox?
Is our sub gonna be ugly af now with no backgrounds and shit? That's one of the things that's pissing me off the most. Ill get used to it but damn...
dumb question: why isnt biden there?
[removed]
This isn’t a debate. This is just a circlejerk like that one sub....you know, the one with high school students, foreigners, and basement dwellers.
So a license for guns is sensible (I agree) but Voter ID is racist? Interesting Booker.
Fearmongering over climate... where have I heard this before? Oh yea.. THE OZONE LAYER!!!
Sorry, but I've gotta go there. Tulsi is kinda hot in a dumb Democrat chick who gets up off of it for any occasion sort of way.
These guys are just terrible.  Gabbard is hot af though.
This guy is trying to be moderate. He will be done.
Gay Insmee no one knows who tf you are dude go back to bumblefuck
[removed]
#[Live Coverage of Clown World](https://clownworld.us)
The dumb-off is about to begin. (quoting catturd)
Tulsi is pretty cute. And also not as much of a Communist.
Yang tweet: Technical difficulties must be the Russians

This guys actually kinda funny
Warren looked strongest, imho.
Any popular youtube streams with chat enabled?
Look at that house behind them they’ll never live in
Ideas so bad, you'll have to censor the rest!
Anyone watching Alex Jones' stream?
They put us in cages !
Who let Beto on stage?
Good Spanish for an Irishman.
Will beto wave this hands. omg
We've reached levels of pandering never thought achievable!!
hahaha speaking spanish
ME GUSTA
ANSWER THE QUESTION
This guy isn't bad
Green vomit
MinnnuhhhsurrrtAaaaa
lol almost no one would give up their own private insurance
her face looks fake
That wasn’t a unanimous vote?
Let’s be serious. These people are all saying the same shit. Unless a Democrat goes full 2016 Trump debate style, they’ll lose again. Not that they had a chance anyhow.
Remember who owns them, they will not create jobs they will lose jobs
of course Klobuchar would reference beer after attacking Kavanaugh for it
Other than Warren and someone else on the stage who doesn't matter:

Government insurance/ObamaCare with thee, but not for me.
I mean, we did pass that experimental medicine bill
I'm not watching this trainwreck, but the comments here are amusing. Check out Greg Gutfeld's Twitter as well, he's live tweeting this mess.
Beto is Peter Pan. Convince me I'm wrong.
**ANOTHER SOB STORY, THIS TIME FROM DELANEY**
A woman should have all reproductive health services. Abortion and contraception aren't reproductive.
I love ICE!
Iran funded ISIS along with Obama and Kerry.  Fuck off with we have screwed up with puling out of the deal.  In the deal ISIS/IRAN almost had another Caliphate.  Now they dont have shit, except Iran.
Uh oh Warren made a reasonable gun point...moderators didn't like that.
There it is - the reason why I didn't support the President for using a national emergency to fund the wall. Pocahontas just said guns are a national emergency and needs to be addressed. He was going to set a precedent that the Democrats would abuse to ram through their ideology.
#LET THE INSULIN DEPENDENT DIABETICS INTO THE MILITARY NOW!
I think betos mom drank a handle a day while she was carrying him
Liberal Pence isn't getting anywhere, but nice try for making your grandkids proud of you.
That dansley guy didnt come off like a complete nutjob. Refreshing to an extent. Sad that even if he campaigns as a moderate if elected would just push that democrat bullshit anyway. It's all a joke.

He would be the only one in this group that could be a threat to trump. De blaiso would be my pick for the pied piper.
It's on, pede brothers and sisters.
[removed]
Here we go!
meh I guess we can sit back and enjoy the clownshow
lol the moderators need cards with names and faces
NBC Live


https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vJ6MrDO0kgY
Give me the free shit
Why the quality so crap
LATIN-X
I want to watch it but I also don't think I could handle that many retards all at the same time trying to formulate coherent sentences.
WTF
Somebody sewed Robert Francis’ hands into his pockets.
Ahahahhahahahhahahahahahaha
The democratic platform is in favor of killing an unborn child.    


And that's all I have to say about that
Is Robert speaking LatinX?
Fake Hispanic speaking bad Spanish. Beto will never win.
if I say Beto is obviously retarded, would that increase the quarantine level?
Gracias Robert
oh STFU

look at Cory's face!!! Priceless!!!
Oooh! Sexy, robert Francis! 🙄
I ALMOST IMMEDIATELY SWITCHED THE CHANNEL
Ok so you speak Spanish...what about the 70% tax rate?
Beta fish rourke has a thin nose
This is so boring.
Crazy-Eyes Corey Booker looks like shit
I AM BOOKER
OH GOD IS HE A LEPER!?
Welcome to the Democrat Give-a-way! 

"We give to a few and take away from many! "
Pharmaceutical companies are bad mmmKay?
Julien "my mom" Castro the new "my father was a mailman" Kasich
zzzzzzzzz

Sorry Nikki
So she wants to put government money from the military and put it to other stuff.
Weird chompers
It's hard to look at these people while they spout their talking points.
wouldn't it be hilarious if one of the candidates come out as a pro life
Go see a dentist Warren Wilhelm Jr. Your teeth are nasty AF.
Lurch
Didn't that guy powerbomb a groundhog?
Bill Blasio does jack shit
Don't e have paid family leave, sir?
Can anyone think of a corporation that isn't serving our democracy???
He will take your money!!!
ERA. What a joke.
This dude looks crazy
CRAZY IVANS FREE FREE FREEEDOM!!! Starting at a breadline near you!
All they say is that they want to make everything free, they fail to mention how they want to pay for all that stuff.
Stumble stumble stumble
Warren Wilhelm Jr. Deblasio says big tax on wealthy raise min wage to $15, the money is in the wrong hands, us democrats have to fix that, so inventive
Where's Howard Shultz? Oh that's right this is a no-capitalists-allowed party.
Weak claps and cheers lol
Are we allowed to think for ourselves?
Yawn!!
HEY WARREN, DO YOU WANNA TALK AGAIN?
Woo woo woo woo woo
Only topic so far that has resonated is enforcing anti monopoly and anti trust acts after corporate giants.
research and development, just like the past 3 decades
Who do you Pedes want Trump to debate 1 on 1? There are so many options that would be meme potential lol
Bobblehead is back.
Whole bunch'a losers.
Business wants to make profit BREAKING NEWS
Liz has really big ears, and she’s getting a lot of mic time.
Democrats: The government, which runs the DMV and post office, should have full control over your healthcare.
Diiiaaabeeetuuuussss
Every Democrat with some fucking made up story about somebody they met somewhere that told them whatever
"Polls told me not to believe in it anymore"
They should change "medicare for all" and "edication for all" and all that other gibs to "Everything For Free*"




^^* ^^Make ^^the ^^"rich" ^^pay
These clowns did NOTHING!
Speak it.
And dont call me shirley
Oh Bill...

You moron
All they have to do is cap the out of pocket maximum and monthly premium. The pharmaceutical companies and insurers will figure out to still make profit.
Maga
Why do they need private insurance if the gubmit gonna give it to ya free
BETA boi
Beto is Peter Pan. Convince me I'm wrong.
They should include Jimmy Kimmel on this debate stage, he sounds just like Delaney
Go locals!
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/D-B7uuLXYAAAhfq.jpg:large
Quality healthcare, like the VA?
All cucks!
Not watching the DEms debate, but I'm seeing all the tweets and I saw a few peeks, and its just looks like a mess there with no energy at all. None of these 10 here have anything to take down Trump.
Don’t forget doctors
23 billion is a drop in the bucket!
Deny woman
"Listen- the question isn't about education, it's really an issue about medicare!"
Oh no Obama clone back on the mic. Speaking on Castro here. He's got the speaking patterns down.
OH NO
Playing the gender card... GOD it's hilarious watching them eat their own
Reproductive justice against who?  The baby?
Amy klobuchar talks like Sarah Paulson.
Bethy kills babies
Warren dodging the question about limits on abortions like George Dubyah dodges shoes in the Middle East.
Fuck off — lol
I honestly want to hear what they have to say about the border as they haven’t done anything so far.
What the fuck is this?
They didn't care then, but they care now: Auschwitz Concentration Camp

BS
Wow, he'd use EO on immigration
CROCODILE TEARS LMFAO
No one made people cross into this country illegally...
hahahahahhahaha
Why are they all speaking Spanish...
Let’s recall, they decided to cross the border ILLEGALLY dickhead
Seriously speaking Spanish....
Obama's policy!
Total shit show
Lol. These turds pander at every turn.
its laughable that these people think that honduras and guatemala will ever be the bigger draw than the USA
Beto:::: no fair on the spanglish
LMAO
No thanks, i don't want to lose brain cells. no one on the democratic platform has an morals.
Democrat debates? Y'all have fun.  I'm not ready to go to sleep.
Los espanoles es muy beno
HEALTHCARE FOR FREEEEEEE -  WTF IT’S NOT FREE WE’RE PAYING FOR IT.
Give money to cartels
Fambiliiii seperashun
Eyem a fawthu - deblasio
The wun purrrsent
All the candidates look at DeBlasio as if he's just some random old guy who walked on stage.
BETA got the misty eyes going.
#OPEN BORDERS
THIS IS AMERICA, FUCKO! (beta)
These aren't our values white devils.  'We' need to do better
Hulu won't even show this part. It's erroring out on this channel only
Lol, he almost said "president" instead of "parents".... wonder where his mind really is....
They are all jokes.
UNDOCUMENTED LOLOLOLOLOLOL
Desperation is a stinky cologne
Gutfeld poll up
For the record, my tweet live stream was on YouTube and was instantly taken down earlier today, hence the weird link.
Immigrants are America, apparently. Sorry Americans.
Just drop out Amy you don't stand a chance
SWEEP THE LEG, JULIAN!
Why would you want to make America Mexico if your fleeing it??  LOL...oh shit
Literally WHO THE FUCK.
"We need more slave labor!" RINOs must love her.
yikes this guy has been to guantanamo bay
YASSSSS QUEEEN
Oh here we go
I haven’t heard from the indigenous one in a while.
this mother fucker literally say that terrorist have better healthcare than illegals?
And hate and fear and division and and and and and

Timmy Diapers
Take another shot.
This is hilarious.
Who's this guy? Has he been there the whole time?
Hey real talk though how are we looking for 2020
**LMAO GEOTUS THREAT ALWAYS WORKS**
Muslim ban = terrorist ban.

Dude wants terrorists.
NJ least patriotic state, starts at the top easy to see why
BORING!
Take them all then.
Lmao that poor guy keeps getting cut off
Send em up to Washington Donny!!!
Correlation does not equal causation
Couldn’t check any site in Iran which they designated “military” under the old deal.
Newsflash! They were gonna do it anyways. Pinky swears mean nothing to those animals.
Enriched poor Iranian Urainium when there’s poor Uranium in the USA and we need to not be In Bathrobes tweeting
I see why Rogan had Tulsi on his show. Easy on the eyes.
No war? She's out of the running.
This bullshit needs to be commercial free.
There's more debating between the moderators than candidates.
This is 50% redirect 50% orange man bad. Idk if I have the patience. Here's an idea. How about you people propose some actual detailed solutions instead of talking about what Trump isn't doing? Everyone already hears that from them every other day of the week.
Imagine being either of these people,lol
Well Dem candidates who can beat Trump in 2020

-1

(They could’ve nominated Howard Schultz)
Oh a hipster, great
Low energy moderators needed a break
Dear Goodness... This is crazy.
Is the circus back from commercial break?
Great Maddow is out and ready for blood
So much soy
lol>>> obviously clear that MSNBC is pimping for The Fake Indian, Lizzie
Rachel? OMG that's a woman.
Madcow's on!
Someone proposes a more crazy policy -

Every candidate:
I also agree with that
Sleepy eyed son of a bitch
Selected at random from the audience.  Remember the Vita-meata-vegemin skit?
Two dicks sat down at a debate table. What a sausage fest
We know who these people support.
Wow this duo
Manboy moderator at large
Maddow, ewwww.
OMG!!
Who is  talking wtf
Cuck and Rick
Oh boy...Cuck Todd and Mad Cow!
Everyone on stage got their phones out taking Duolingo lessons as we speak.
What a clown show...
LMFAOOOOOO
This is hilarious how pathetic they are
What’s next, teleprompters? Who uses those?
Here come the gun grabbers, standing on the graves of school shooting victims. Typical.
eye roll
Answer the question!!!
A small child asked her "When you're President, how are you going to keep us safe?" ?
Die from illegal immigrants.
Can't anyone just answer the fucking question?  Will you have the gov't get the guns... blah blah blah ignore the question wtf.  I hate politicians so much.  This is why Trump won cause he answers the damn question.
Beth loves little bois n gurrls whomst die in abortion violence I mean health gun violence war weuppins
All of these people are lying. Why do people not see that they are saying things to make them feel good, but when given power feast on their hopes and dreams.
"Gun?  What's that?" - Lyin Liz
Sooo, ummmm Elizabeth Warren
Why doesn't she specify that the victims are mostly black and in bad neighborhoods where drugs and gangs are a problem and most guns are illegal!?
jeez the democrats pandered too illegal aliens for twenty minutes,   interesting times.
Everyone is gonna die! It's a "health" emergency! Lead is just flying all over the place randomly at the speed of sound and hitting people randomly!
Violent tendencies would be the health crisis if there is one.  Not the guns.
War paint on Pocahontas' cheeks is glowing.
Hint - try to take outlr guns and you will run out of people.



And we will come for the parties responsible next
Some little boy said to tyrannically restrict the rights of all Americans!  So we must!
Digital Bitch.
They have no answers.
Public health emergency, lol. Thank you, Captain Hyperbole.
They can’t even get their debate to function smoothly and we’re suppose to trust them running the country
How many kids die a year from guns?
Sooooo what is her actual solution?
**THE RIGHT OF THE PEOPLE**
Hey Warren, have you seen the data from Australia and violent crimes?
I wanna see an arms-akimbo contest between Beto, Corey and Pocahontas.
Address it like a virus killing children. WTF?
Weepy Asixn Latinx Gunnnnzzzz
#hyhena?
Lmao
Isn't it funny how Dems blame corporations for everything yet many corporations lobby Dems and progress their agenda.
Corporate gun lobby = 2nd amendment???
Camin senz gan raform
###**PIPE DREAM** lol
I wonder if this guy's audience likes being talked to like a kindergartener on a daily basis.
D E L U S I O N A L
Beto: Make B.B. guns great again.
None of those assault weapons were true full auto, Beatoff.
LMAO HE REALLY STRAIGHT UP AVOIDED THE QUESTION
MUH MOMZ
Beto looks like he just got caught inappropriately touching a intern.
CoMmOn sENsE
Do not use my state of Connecticut for any positive example they’re all false
Oh, here we go with the 'common sense gun control' again
Just ban people. Problemo solvedo. There are more guns in USA than people. If they were given the popular vote, people would be voted out.
You’ll get 5000 seats in the senate Corey I BELIVE I CAN FLLLYYYY
Bruh I need a liscense to buy a gun already
We have to pass a progressive agenda that's not Progressive mean while Bill Blasio's asleep
#SPARTACUS IS A SINGER OF SONGS
DID CHIEF WARREN JUST GET MARRIED?
Supreme Court!?  KEkKEKEKEKEK
Madow frames why it’s so important that we held the senate
I care about border security Pocahontas.  Quit stopping it
Chief Spewing Bullshit is fired up!
Of will of the people matters - why are you harassing my president!
Congress just doesn't work. Because it has a dem majority right now.
If Mitch needed to handle all these people he would need a way bigger dose of cocaine.
 Democrat peanut gallery having a sad pointless shouting match against each other to get Biden's ratings up. 😉👍
Inslee is Flea from Back to the Future II.
Paying farmers to be environmentalists....what?
Well, she's walking through the clouds
With a circus mind that's running wild
Butterflies and Zebras
And Moonbeams and fairy tales
That's all she ever thinks about
Riding with the wind

When I'm sad, she comes to me
With a thousand smiles she gives to me free
It's alright, she says it's alright
Take anything you want from me
Anything
Fly on little wing
Oh wowwwwww 800 jobs!!!! BIIIIIIG MAN HERE!!!!
Well yeah, you call em stupid people who don’t know any better. Fuck all of you on this stage.
Rear end lol
Why would anyone subject themselves to this?

Announce you’re going to run in 2024 instead and get away from this absolute disaster
..and they aren't going to do that if they keep pandering to illegals. So good fucking luck.
Everyone struggling to end his common sense....
Castro makes Hillary look like the reasonable member of Obama's shitshow of a cabinet!
Chuck!  Chuck!    Chuck!    
   
What a shitshow.
These cucks have no grit. Saying "rear end" lmao too scared to swear like the little bitches they are.
I just don’t know why I should care about limiting gun ownership 
Or climate change. I don’t feel like there’s no absolutes for there to be an answer at this point and they certainly can’t pull one out of thin air...
How tf does someone become more liberal as they age? Did she just do a shitton of LSD or what?
Are children being lynched too?
Waaaaahhhhhhh
FUCK THE WHITE PEOPLE!


Dem 2020 *basically*
[deleted]
Want more money? Get a better job.
liar
Everyone can vote in this country, even illegals?
Geotus would eat any of these Jabronis alive
"Everyone can vote" so you mean illegals right?
[deleted]
Klobuchar: allow African Americans to vote?
This turned into a snooze-fest.
Whites need not apply
How the fuck did this man become a billionaire? it just goes to show you America fuc yeah
Muslim extremists
Weather bad
CHYNA
LMFAO BALVK DANTE AND RUSSIA LETS FKING GO
Oh here we fucking go again
ORANGE MAN BADDDDDDD
ORANGE MAN BADDDDDDDDDD
I HATE WAR 

but also russia is our enemy and we need to stop them
BILLL AHAAHHAHAAHHA That wasn’t Russia, you’re high dude that was Christopher Steele
Liars.
Good doctor???
Beto distracted with memories of trudeau crossing his legs
Muh Russia
Chuck Todd motioning his arms around like a child while they're talking over him.
Oh man, delaney don't do rehearsed shit now. You were down to earth without looking at the cards and having to stutter through remembering your speech.
my paycheck.....IT MATTERS!
Is someone talking? I can’t hear anyone
Bah bah bah
Well that doesn't sound like a Democrat
In leftist cities.
How is Lieawatha doin?
>New Green Economy

LEL
Tulsi seems to me, the only rational sane person on that poll
Its like a broken record
Damnit Julian
Why do they all look stoned
[removed]
Meme warriors, do your best

https://m.twitch.tv/destiny
You've experienced more privilege than most of us have Booker.
Corey: I'M BLACK! (Part XIII)
I had a dream.... I mean a vision....
Please read Rick Joiner .
You boys like Mexico....
Paul Ryan is running for president as a Democrat? Fitting.
I'm so sick of hearing about 2020, that's why I don't watch Fox News anymore. Trump better fucking win.
For me its really unwatchable. It feels like I get dumber every second listening to them.
Mk
"Warren what will you do against gun ownership (guns that are already in circulation) when you become president ? What exact steps will you take ?"

"Yes, guns are very bad."

*Everyone claps.*
Went to the politics sub to scope out the comments. Bathe me in the surface of the sun.
Anyway, here is my report:

- Tax my neighbor for my free stuff
- Abortion at anytime in life even outside of womb
- Espanola biatches
- Insert other pandering comment here
Where was Creepy Joe Biden? Lmao
I think I will wait for the 2020 Democratic Roast on Comedy Central by mr Trump next year.. let these tards weed themselves out.
Shut up Delaney
Kek these NPC hosts are so cringe inducing. What am I doing with my life...
They are so afraid of “disinformation”.  That is double speak if I’ve ever heard it.
Where can I get a livestream that works?
there all idiots however booker seems the most educated
I watched Cory Bookers Netflix show. He seemed like a nice guy when he was a local politician. Then be became a senator...
Jesus,  She does not look good up close
What channel is CNN? Midwest Spectrum.
Take my guns but be prepared to take some bullets with you
fUlL StOp
Tranny Time!
Support open borders!
OPEN BORDERS
Latinx you bigots REEEEEEEEEE
Weepy Corey bookends
Why is this lurch even running?
Booker can’t even keep his current constituents safe and he wants us to trust him with the country’s safety?
"Faith without works is dead." 

*leans into mic*

WRONG
I don't care what you guys think. She is still hot even with those acne scars.
Does tulsi like the D or the V?
OH MY GOD I HAD A DREAM LMFAO
I think I'd be ok with a carbon tax.  Emissions are an externality which should be in the purview of government.  Good luck with a fair implementation though
I almost want to see the Dems with full power so people can see how bad these ideas are in record time.
[removed]
Who is the Asian guy on stage?
Nuke Iran. Done.
muh green energy
Poor Beta!  No talking for hin
****ALL FOAM****
Tulsi is MAGA!
Tulsi the cunt.
Not watching.

Any word from the whore, or is her mouth full of cock?
The jail system wouldn't use so much healthcare if we could go back to firing squads!
[removed]
Let me tell you, I speak Spanish fluently as a second language.  There are a couple accents in Spanish that I can easily pick out.  But if you're not from either Spain or Argentina/Uruguay, I can't hear hardly any difference between the various versions of Spanish.  I also can't hear my own accent in Spanish, even though I know I have one.

But Robert O'Rourke...   I can totally hear that gringo's accent in Spanish.  Even my Spanish is better than his.  So I'm certain that the people who grew up speaking Spanish, or speak it as their native language, they're not fooled by that idiot at all.  They know he's poser.  Because if I can hear it, they definitely can.
Gotta play to your voters
I literally exclaimed "what a fucking cuck" the second he did that
Texas Trudeau
I think he’s aiming for all the new Guatemalan and Honduran voters.
Because it's also airing on Telemundo lol
How many people in the US speaks Spanish anyways? Is he just going for virtue signaling points?
Latinpede here, we don’t fall for that spanish shtick... but if Trump did it it would be cool. 😎
Honestly thought this clown fell off the face of the Earth by now.
That's the sound of you being replaced
> me speako de muy espanisho. me hispanico y yo muy bueno para ti amigos. vota al me
Because that's a large portion of his voter bloc and the only undecideds he will get.
Not even the Spanish language can save a bad idea.
Soon enough there won't be that distinction

Deport them all
[Cory Booker did it too](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vJ6MrDO0kgY&t=2h38m15s)
Can I comment?
[removed]
I'm actually surprised no one (aside from Warren) went up on stage wearing blackface.
Democrats: The party of pandering, virtue signalling, utopian dreaming, and constituition trampling
Kek
1/64 of a question at least.
She was going to do smoke signals, but you know how those racist dade county fire marshals be.
Lol
they can't start a small fire at the host desk and send her a smoke signal in her native language.
It was Chippawaojibwasouix  Don't mis-culture her you bigot.
I don’t think sending smoke signals will jive well with the fire protection systems in this venue.
Donna Brazile was sending her questions using smoke signals.
Half expected her to answer a question with smoke signals kek
I desperately want her to be the nominee. I really want to see Trump invite the chief of the Cherokee tribe to a debate against her
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 holy shit this comment is glorious. LMAO
Trans female is a guy who doesn't have female reproductive parts. Wtf is castro talking about? lmao. People just cheer when they hear a combination of abortion and trans.
I had to turn it off after that.  The level of stupidity is fucking astounding.  I looked at my wife and said, you see these 10 people up there?  Well they want to destroy America as we know it.
H O N K

O

N

K
This has to be a top 5 clown world moments in all of history. I can't believe there is any real human being actually cheering for this.
Kek
*deploraballis quarantitus*
[Us Pedes](https://media.giphy.com/media/2wZUTYNFc79Po03rj9/giphy.gif)
yes
Raaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaacist!!!
Sounds like a dog whistle to me...
Yeup
Well they do commit 50% of violent crime so...
Gang banging thug: *commits crime*

Thug: *gets locked up*

Warren the Woke: *bUt ThINk aBoUt ThEir FaMILiEs!!!!!!*
To be fair to pocahontas, she did say black *and brown* families.
Shes doing a stupid like Bernie did in a debate last election. She simply needed to enter in the words "disproportionately".


Also note, the private prison system is pretty messed up. I would like to see it changed. It is a source of low cost labor that damages our economy. The incentives for private prisons to release good behavior candidates just doesn't exist.
> Warren assuming

Warren assuming only blacks are in prison.

Warren assuming she's Native American. 

What difference at this point does it make what she assumes? ;)

But it's funny she mentions blacks in prisons considering Bill Clinton instituted the 3 strike policy and astronomically increased the number of black men in prison.
I missed the debates, did she start quoting any crime statistics or family statistics about the same community? Lord forbid we address the actual root issues of the black community. Allowing the state to raise black children and displacing/disincentivizing black fathers has destroyed so many communities.
Racist
I spit my drink out. That was a new level of virtue signaling. Frikkin lul
TACO TACO MEXICOOOOOO

i TOTALLY DIDNT PANDER TO YOU WITH 8TH GRADE SPANISH
Robert Francis O'Rourke*
But he's Spartacus!
I just woke my kids up laughing at this comment.
I get such a weird uncanny valley feeling from watching him speak. It's like watching something wearing a human face but without quite knowing how to operate it.
Jesus christ
He went full angry hulk.
Did you just imply Booker is actually a 360 degree cockpit mobile suit?
Haha bro I was thinking the same exact thing. They asked if she had a plan and she said "I do" and the crowd went crazy. She then proceeded to say something about orange man bad and that was it...hey, when your enemy is making a mistake don't interrupt them. I  haven't laughed this hard in a while. GEOTUS is going to have a field day on these jokers. I for one cannot wait for the inevitable collapse of the democratic party. Yes many people are indoctrinated but many more people have common sense and use their brains. It's like watching a car crash in slow motion. It's horrible to watch but I can't look away. Trump 2020, 2024, 2028, 2032, 2036......
Then the fire stare waiting for it to end
"I have a plan"

If I didn't know better, I would have thought Liz was Dutch Van Der Linde in disguise, he always has a plan!
Secret plan!
and get increasingly louder with each statement
1/2020 black
(Great reverence.  But.  Shhhhh. *red)
Oh man I need Elizabeth Warren "The Jerk" memes now more than ever.
"if you like your plan you can keep it" -obama  and 2020 candidates
Also tranny abortions. 😂
Don't forget pay gap and making a living wage and 70% taxes on the wealthy! So many great ideas!
So their plan is.... 80% tax rate
...what's wrong with free college?
Yeah but he’s the one who’ll lower drug prices for us 😂
Shocking. 🙄
Plot twist: it was all paid out in cocaine so he could maintain his fierce facial expressions
And doctors can’t even get mothereffin’ pens anymore.  Jeez.
He's also gay and he tries to hide it.
FACT: Corey Booker has received no less than 6 Million dicks in his lifetime.

&#x200B;

If you deny that number, you're an anti-semite!
###**THE BEST CENSORED THREAD ON THE INTERNET, THE GREATEST, LET ME TELL YOU!**
Tonight we shitpost in the shade
LMFAO!!
Honk?
😂
No but Beto answered most of his question in Spanish
Red noses and all. It was actually kinda cute if they weren't all retarded.
Yeah. [This one](https://magaimg.net/img/7dgl.png)
clownworld.us
Okay, I cried at this one.  Funniest comment in a thread full of funny comments.
I love you.
I about spit out my beer on that one lol
We are the new punk rock
I turned TV on heard Spanish only and thought I put Telemundo by mistake.
##**THE BEST TIME, BELIEVE ME**
I thought something happened..
NO BRAKES
Yes we are! woooooooo
Cheers!
How could reddit be so inhuman as to separate us from our family into a literal concentration camp?? Some users are as young as a few days old!

It's like a Nazi concentration camp!!! 

Send toothpaste..
Fuck. \*gulp gulp.*
lmao
Fuck it, those dudes can have as many abortions as they want.
roflmao
and she wants Reparations for GAYS.
You win
Raised by rich parents, went to Yale, is a senator from NJ and has been flying around campaigning for the past few months while his state and our country suffers from congressional inaction
He does not and he never did. He grew up as affluent as AOC did. He's so white-adjacent that he actually made up a cool black friend called T-Bone just to boost his black cred.
What?! Next thing you'll say Maxine Waters lives in a mansion!
He lives in a low income neighborhood but in the gated community on the outskirts overlooking the ocean.
He probably has a house he stays in twice a year.
Its low compared to his income
I cant afford to lose 5 bucks lol
He was raised by parents who were executives at IBM. His street cred is so bad he actually made up he had a gangster friend name T-Bone.
I did notice that his mouth is awfully rounded from all the communist cock he’s gobbled. 

#SPARTICUCK
Mate, not a fair bet.
Bro he started going off, lmao what language was that hahaha
fun fact. he’s a rhodes scholar.
Of course he doesn’t, same with Maxine Waters and all of them.
Guaran-fucking-tee it! He probably lives in a nicer area with household incomes averaging ~$150,000.
He lives ON a neighborhood.
He's the only semi-reasonable person there. Of course they're going to silence him from now on.
Yeah, I'd only heard the name before, but he was refreshingly moderate, and stayed away from utopian bullshit. And the response to him was 'so you think people should have *choices*?! How can you defend that?!'
Honestly he’s a pretty decent guy. No room for that in today’s Democratic Party.
Cant even find a clip of it, hes already buried by the network
I could be wrong, but I *think* quarantined subs are limited to one sticky.  Normal subs get two.
Ha! I was thinking the same! Whew.
MD is a red state with 3 counties and Baltimore City that push the rest of it blue.
They kept cutting him off and shutting him down.
Lol how long do you think he rehearsed that for?
Pandering to the supreme
That just means he has half as much to say as any other member of this Clowncar Clusterfuck.
Que es mas macho?  El taco o el burrito?
Oh Jesus. Such cringe.
Beto is the human SAP button.
He has to make sure his base understands him - the illegal immigrant non-citizens who will be his largest voting bloc.
[removed]
Now you know why people are fleeing NYS.
That's what happened in the 90s the last time they tried this shit. They'll just keep making the same mistakes.
Or they get their tax accountants and lawyers to figure out how to pay as little tax as legally allowed. Isn't that right Warren Buffett? (muh secretary pays a higher tax rate than I do!)
eh america taxes its citizens abroad so you would have to give up citizenship to dodge that one sadly ,but 70 percent tax rate is insane stupid dems
Bet you $5 that their big tech allies will somehow be exempt from the tax rate. Unless they are so stupid they willingly screw over big tech and force them to move their HQ overseas.
wait, what about all those free stuff?
[removed]
Like Joan Crawford in "What ever happened to baby Jane."
They figure the longer that they clap, the less they have to listen to her speak.
In Cherokee culture, this means she's now married to the moderator.
She then proceeded to say basically nothing at all.
Those are donors. Not real people. They clap on command.
"I have teeth. And many are native."

NPCs roar.
What was the question?
I appreciate them taking off the Trump background sheet.  I work for a liberal corporation and prefer to browse this site without Trump's picture advertised to my cuckworkers.
It helps me pick out the posts on my front page. Thank you Reddit!
closer to 7m but who is counting?
Wonder if he has hot sauce in his purse.
Barely spoke good Spanish
Robert, do you support a 70% tax cut on your own family?

Well, firstly let me say, abla espnol

But Robert,

Abla!
axtually, Roberto just MARRIED well
way to speak a Caucasian latin based language.  WOOOO!
Meme time
And build the sea wall to save Florida from climate change
I CAUGHT THAT TOO!! i was fuckin dying when she said that lmao twice even.
Not false
It's not, it is just going to prevent 'foot traffic' from coming to the site. We were essentially already quarantined, now it's just official. 

Now the only difference is you can't access it from a mobile phone without a reddit account, and as you said, the badass CSS.
It's just a show to ban us later, well before the elections, and say "we have warned you, you were under quarantine, you were obviously the bad people, and you didn't hand us the direction of the sub, and then all bent the knee, thus the ban is justified"  
  
And they'll be smug about it, and think it's justified.  
But when it'll happen to Reddit, then THEN it'll be censorship.  
  
So what I'm going to do is take all the quote supporting the ban, and the username, and when reddit gets banned itself, it'll just repeat their own words.
Till they ban us.
Posting to see if anyone can see me, i was unable to comment or post for 3-5 hours
It seems to have been removed. I can access this sub normally again.
Quarantine usually comes before the final ban
If reddit bans this sub I leave and they lose ad revenue.  But I'm still a trump supporter sooo they just lose ad revenue and spotlight their fascists beliefs and drive more support to us.
I turn off the CSS crap in every subreddit, including this one.
Sooner or later they'll plain ban the sub, with same faggoty-ass projected "reasons" they put us under quarantine
Posts can now be downvoted without being a member of the sub, so subs like [redacted] are already foaming at the mouth about coordinating downvote attacks first suppress our voice.
Well not with that attitude they don't.
Member when that was a parody?
 
~~pepridge~~ monty python remembers.
Babys killed in abortions definetly arnt getting justice
I would say low energy...but it feels like they’re all yelling at me in 2 languages.
Damn! Keep forgetting to watch, even listen to it. They're WACK-A-DOODLE every last one of them. Thank God y'all are here.
get rosie o’donnell in the race. stat.
Sad!
Have a coat, and jump on board the Trump train! There's room for all.
Come in and join us! We have covfefe and hamberders!
Communists.
Because they deserve your money.
> What a mess.

that pretty much sums it up.
They are now proposing straight up robbery from people who earned every cent of their wealth.
That kills me. They said the reason people can't pay their bills and are suffering is because of big corporations. If that was true, why aren't we all trying to break into the illegal immigrants' countries? Why aren't we all living in grass huts?
Fascists.  Democrats are like Tony Soprano - they squeeze any successful business owners and think any excess money is theirs. This is why we didn't have income tax in the Constitution.   If the Democrats win - we will all lose.
PLEASE CLAP!
Guac Bowls for all!
Foolish guac bowl merchant.
Jeb is a mess
Not a tooomah
It's because all the people from those other subs were sleeping. It was nighttime in Europe when this was going on.
She also said we need to get back into the Iran deal, so she's essentially saying give pallets of cash to terrorists.
THIS
Would you agree that liberals want Trump gone more than they want their preferred candidate in office?  They'll pivot towards Tulsi once they realize how ineffective the other candidates would be against Trump.
She is surely against sanctions. She wants the nuclear deal. I agree with many of Trump's policies but his (Kushner, Bolton, Pompeo)'s policy of UNILATERALLY sanctioning Iran is a bad idea.  People's claims that Trump and his administration are warmongering with Iran holds weight, when he pulled out of the nuclear agreement and then attempts to financially isolate them.  That is economic warfare, and wars have started for less.
Have another.
*ahem*, Guyz...GUYZ!?...I think we got a ded 'pede.  
  
##**F**
Bro. I just wanted to my girlfriend about How no one actually answers the questions. It's embarrassing and disgusting
Thanks for being here maple pede!
I want to give you a gold award but Reddit won't let me.
Also Canadian. You nailed it my friend. I hate the bilingual shit here too but I understand why. I'm on the west coast so it's not as bad in that sense but I live in a fucking Green Party controlled municipality. Let's hope the cons get in come election time
\>Canada will also have a conservative government

&#x200B;

Honestly, I prefer Trudeau over Scheer. At least Trudeau legalized weed. Scheer is such a sell-out with no principles whatsoever
They're just trying to pander to those with the greatest intersectional privilege. I'm surprised none of them started with "As-Salaam-Alaikum."
i am legitimately surprised Beto didn't come out in a [giant sombrero like Mayweather did in the Oscar De La Hoya fight.](https://www.dailymail.co.uk/sport/boxing/article-3064194/From-Prince-Naseem-Hamed-flying-Ricky-Hatton-s-fat-suit-Floyd-Mayweather-s-sombrero-five-memorable-ringwalks-boxing-history.html)
🤣
Very disrespectful
que?
[removed]
I mistakenly chose a high alcohol beer

I'm gonna...um...get me another one
KEK
They will do what British tv do with debates and load the questions and audience with hostile actors.
But  “muh cheekbones”
Transgender abortions.  Aren't you paying attention.  kek.
Liberalism is a mental illness
Damn it maybe I should have watched. Infowars should cover this tomorrow.
It's like telling a person with no legs "I will grant you the rights to wear pants"
Yeah i don’t think you can get a full ass working uterus implanted into you during transition.
You know when you eat 2 chipotle burritos instead of one and then shatter the toilet bowl the next morning.
muy panderamente
Booker has to pull out his español too
**WE WILL GIVE THEM THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS TO HELP THEIR CAUSE BUT WE WILL REAP MILLIONS OF SJW INTERNET POINTS.**
In the ClownWorld, anything is possible
Don't be coming at them with that fancy science shit
they have an already dead fetus implanted in their body so they can kill it all over again.
UNICORNS ARE NOW FREE!
Comment of the debate right here
I didn't watch.  Don't tell me this was a thing...
Retroactive-self-inflicted?
You really want to know? Because I expect nothing less from these lunatics, here: they'll go to PP, get a surviving fetus/child, introduce it in them then abort him a second time
Are you fucking kidding me right now?!? They both go to work they should both be payed equally!
How literally dare you
but that's ~~~racist~~~~!!!
If he's too weak to protect his son as mayor, how can he keep Americans safe as president?
and a racist city
Hey, I thought we were the ones who don't like the police. Now I'm confused...
Clearly he's doing a shit job lol
That’s what I got out of him too.
How far this country has fallen...
The US is so fucked, these people are our future. They aren't going anywhere soon.
 🤡🌎
You could see how disappointed everyone else was when they realized that he stole their answer.
He has a very small world lol
Blasphemy! Nothing can be a greater threat than Climate Change lol.
He forgets to pander to the other half of America who thinks Trump ain't the boogie man, instead of the far left ,"impeach the peach" twitter mob
Speaking it BADLY - what a retard.
It's actually a little frightening that one of the two major parties are this left.
It’s crazy, right?
Same, but I didn't even turn it on.
JFK would be pissed the fuck off.
SI!
Yes. there are 40 million mexican voters to pander to.
And Obama, a few members of his cabinet, the upper ranks of the FBI & CIA, the list is long...
The side of beef showed up and was like..."What, like with a cloth?"
Yes! Thank you, I saw the same thing and kept thinking “WE ALL KNOW YOU LIED TO GET IN TO HARVARD”

“I went to a budget community college... then was for merit only reasons accepted to Harvard Law... you don’t remember that Indian thing do you?”
F
F
F
*P A N D E R I N G*
Aren't most of these people already in government, why don't they talk about the bills they've put forward to fix these things?
No no you have to talk about what you WOULD do. It's not something you'd actually do it's just something you would.
health care costs are high enough already

for example, an illegal alien decides he wants to chop off his junk

then changes his mind and wants it reattached

and who will pay for the glue? US!
That’s their goal
They have to speak to their most important constituents in a language they will understand.
Don't give them any ideas (illegal aliens voting)
Oh fuck yeah I was looking for the Stan Marsh connection!
Warrens going  to break out the firewater and do  a rain dance as her final speech
^(kek)
Black trans Muslim woman with AIDS and rickets
Equal pay
Yup
Lmao the irony
😂😂😂😂
Something like 31k online at one point as well.
We had an incredible time
I guarantee everything is off by a factor of at least 10
kinda proves that upvotes are nerfed.
They've also removed the option to see "New" comments. Now all we got is "New (suggested)" https://magaimg.net/img/8b77.jpg
Nope. Only if your last name is Trump do you get hard hitting questions like that.

Didn't ask to comment on the fake news Trump keeps talking about. Can easily bring up and show numerous stories that have been proven false and later corrected. Can say like how can you trust these media companies. 

But nah. Just a debate to hit you with the feels if you're brainwashed.
it already is one
agree

I'm laughing out loud already (started early)

icymi https://old.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/c5xral/debate_night_bingo/
Shhh.  The Socialist gibsmedat Olympics is about to start.

I'm not the socialist, mind you, my opponent is.  He wants to redistribute all your hard-earned income to free riding illegals and america-hating crime over-represented non-working minorities.  I just want a common sense plan on tax reform that lets the government levy a 100% income tax.
Straight up, I don’t go to work for my employer to recognize the value in my personal life. I go to trade them a skill for a paycheck and none shall the two be married. That is everything wrong with today.
Not really, companies pay most of the insurance for employees. If you replace that with a tax the tax would be less then they pay now. Now this isn't taking into account how much the tax is, but a single payer Healthcare would lower the cost of healthcare for most people.
Just like google, they fear us and need to meddle in elections to make them more "fair" (anti-Trump)
you win the internet
Sad but true
Can't let Dems accidentally support reasonable policy!
If he gets the popular vote, doesn't California have to fall in line?
And NY. Gotta love NYC, my vote isn't worth the paper it's printed on.
Kek
I fucking love it
\*CHIEF WARREN
* *everyone claps* *
four more years isn't enough
Tulsi mopping the floor with all those pro-war faggots tbh
Commercial break!
Doubleplusungood. He needs more indoctrination.
What he say?
I don’t want it to end
This is easily one of the cringiest things I have ever watched.
Sorry for your liver.
What's the drinking word?
I had to stop.
Kek
Props to your spell checker.
Whew!  That's tough.
😂
Me nombre es Yang, many dolares.
Beto fake Mexican is in shambles
I can't wait to hear Biden.
Wait the woman who lied about her ancestry to get a job is lying about her upbringing to get votes? Weird!
Yes. Trump has duped the Democrats into ignoring Americans for illegals. Winning combo for them in 2020
Well, it ain't wrong.
Yeah, that was rough. "Vote for me. I have a black kid."
Oh it was relevant. He brought up his black son when discussing police brutality. Lol what a piece of shit.
" I didn't blame anyone for the loss of my legs. Some Chinaman took them from me in Korea. But I went out and achieved anyway. I can't solve your problems, sir, only you can. Some Chinaman took them from me in Korea. " - Tommorows Debate
The democrat party has become the home of outrage. Many of their key agendas contradict themselves. It’s only a matter of time before they full cannibalize themselves
I think they're uninformed. Hillary Lost, and all those coastal elite have done is tell the normies 'it was Russia'. Not that they shoved Hillary down people's throats no matter how shit she was and bad campaigning and collussion with the media rather than going out to the people and seeing what they need. They don't clap because they have no fucking idea.
It's interesting that nobody clapped for that at all, especially because it feels like every candidate is moving as far left as Bernie to try and escape that elitist stigma. This won't end well (for the Dems)
They're all the same anyway and his point was correct. We let it happen..
No mention about how CHINA AND INDIA ARE THE BIGGEST POLUTION CONTRIBUTORS.
You fool! I’m already dead from acid rain and the hole in the ozone layer 30 years ago. I’m a ghost!
National debt and entitlements are the biggest threat to future generations by far, and neither party cares one iota about them.
Beto - If I am elected class president, I will make sure that the lunchroom vending machine is always stocked with Root Beer!

**audience cheers**

Booker -  If I am elected class president, I will personally make sure that the lunchroom water fountain will fountain Root Beer for free!

**audience loves it**

Castro - WELL IF I AM ELECTED CLASS PRESIDENTE, I WILL MAKE EVERY AGUA FOUNTAIN IN THE SCHOOL FOUNTAIN OUT A DIFFERENT TYPE OF JARRRRRITOS SODA!!

**audience goes completely wild**

Tim Ryan - If I am class president, I will work with our guidance councilors to make sure every student has an informed opinion on colleges and post-high school options.

**audience is silent, shuffles nervously that actual policy might be happening**
Beto looked like he was going to wet himself half the time and Booker looked like Ralph Wiggam staring off into the horizon in two separate directions at once.
We need a “surge” of stings and busts to crack down on illegal gun buyers and sellers.  Massive prison sentences.  They should focus on the lawbreakers and leave us law abiding citizens alone!
They keep talking about the number of people in jail. Someone should ask them what the correct number of people in jail should be. Zero? 100? 1000? A million? Where is the line where it’s okay for this number of people to be in jail, but more than that and it’s unacceptable.
I love you too.
🇺🇸❤
Stand firm Pede.. They want us banned.
Only if you know that I love you more
Feeling is mutual my man. Many dudes/dudets chillin out showing support for the prez with absolutely no fucking violence promotion anywhere from true pedes. My love for this community was already solidified but the quarantine has made it it that much more concrete. Absolute clown world out there.
❤️
Likewise sir.
Suspended on Twitter. Fucked with on YouTube. Mind-fucked on Google anything. If not for you, where'd I be?
Definitely the only Dem I'd vote for this cycle if not for Donald.
Yep I'd like to have costs prior to the procedure. But that's the hospitals side not the insurance.
Get this fucko out of here.
\*poorly spoke spanish but not quite as bad as booker
Spanish accents are the new Queen's English in America. If you can say latin ethnic names with that accent that is a "woke" signal now apparently.
Hahaha!
##**HAHA MY PRESIDENT**
😂😂😂
Ahahahaha
Best troll ever
Top notch.
Not watching. What happened?
Clown show
"bY An aSsAuLt RiFlE!!"
Napoleon Dynamite + Butthead = Beto
LMFAO
He seems like he is trying to channel Obummer but it's just no.
Nine....eleven!

*crowd goes wild*
If I was forced to vote for one of these clowns it would be him.
LGBT kids are like the most celebrated kids at school wtf.
Clown World University! YOU BIGOT
LGBTQ, bigot!
And how is the government supposed to fix that?!
I saw that too. SNOOOOOZE FEST
"But wait...there's more!"
$100 they don’t let Yang speak
It should be better than today. All the top tier meme candidates are going to be there.
OMG HE POSTED A PIC SAYING HE IS GOING TO STAY IN OFFICE FOREVER CONSTITUTIONAL CRISIS CONFIRMED
Sleeping Giant.
As it should be
no. everyone up there tonight wants to annex this country away to south america.
ur racist for speaking English
I do speak Spanish... and their Spanish was god awful
Just wait for CREPPY JOE TO SEAL THE DEAL
He needs to tell the DOJ to reclassify the platforms as publishers, and then start breaking them up.
He should come and do another AMA!
Meme it into existence. It only helps
>for\_kekistanSHADILAY!2 hours ago

Is this the same 'DeBlasio' who changed his name legally from Smith or Anderson or whatever to run in NYC politics? Does that make him a relation of the Cuomo family now?

What a joke. Let them speak, they banned the Circus, but we still have the clown show.

Why did Warren not do a 'traditional rain dance' to put out the fire threatening xer friends in Californexico? 

&#x200B;

I call shananigans
I don't think I could pick deblasio out of a lineup, and I just watched the entire debate.
DeBlasio did better than expected. I'll give him that. Amy Klobuchar showed her smarts. Warren didn't make any mistakes. Tulsi Gabbard did a good job. Julian Castro was tough, but his smirk and height work against him. John DeLaney is totally forgettable.
He impressed me the most out of any candidate tonite
"Yo quiero Taco Bell!" -Joe Biden, tomorrow night
Chapter 1. My time running for President.

Deep state thanks them by buying $2,000,000 worth
CHIEF WARREN
Very disrespectful. Non-Cherokee whiteness protruding
They also want to give “Dreamers” free college. This seems separate from their general “free college” plan, because otherwise they wouldn’t need to single out the “Dreamers”.
It works see Europe
Surprised about it as well. He is right. Its a mental health issue not guns
And he’s right
Take the guns away, they will turn to knives and explosives.
Who said that?
Yeah... Like what happened to Jessie Smollett
He went there. Why didn’t someone bring up smollet to him around the time he was rallying all this up
Oh god.... I really want them to get into it
They will all be very sad in a few years
His poor billionaire son doe
*Muh reproductive justice*
Honk, my dude, honk.
They normalized deplatforming with AJ. Now it’s old hat and they can do it at will.
The winner was Jeb!!
Like it's WWE and the sniffer has come out to face fauxcahontas for the title in a separated child cage match
Seriously....pander much? 

Bernie is thinking "God damn it, now I gotta memorize a speech in Spanish."
No contest
Don't underestimate absentee ballots, mail-in ballots, illegal aliens, and dead people. Those are all powerful Democratic voting blocs.
777777777
Only if you vote!
Donde esta la biblioteca?
I WILL ABORT EVERYONE FTW  says the democrat

&#x200B;

/s
If they throuw Biden under the bus tomorrow then its 100% an establishment pick for Warren.
Cory booker had no clue what he was saying. It hurt me ears to hear him speak
We have the best Spanish speakers, folks.
It's okay to be green.
HAHAHA SHIT HE DOES!
Can’t stand his or Beto’s. They have to hear themselves right? Lol
God I would suck everyone's dick in here to be on the media team chopping together the highlight reel
Clowns.
Sheep.
No talent ass clowns
Yeah but it doesn't count because he didn't say it in spanish.
Yep. That’s where we are heading.
The looks on their faces were priceless
And then guess who they will raise the taxes of next... Everyone
They seriously don't realize how many middle class Americans they are pissing off with that. Ask anybody you know how they feel about two coworkers speaking Spanish right in front of them and they will tell you it is uncomfortable and rude.
Begging for Latin votes.
This is being simulcast on Telemundo
Where he was mayor, specifically.
Exactly, they need Bernie to get the psycho commies and the stoners, then they'll give it to Biden/Warren to get the female votes.
What a shitshow.
Every single Democrat said they'd fix illegal immigration by getting involved in C. American countries. 



These people are such fucking liars.
Trump cancelled WWIII with Korea and last I heard trying new thinking in the existing neverending morass in the middle east.  Still waiting for any regime change too.
Trans women have babies too!
i missed it what are you referring to?
I'm not watching, what happened?
Super cringey honestly
>For God's sake, this is America.

Not for long if any of them get elected.
Yup
Democrats have been brainwashed to believe orange man bad and you're racist if you vote for him. Why reach out to Americans when they're too afraid to vote elsewhere.
Did Klobuchar answer any questions in Somali?
Rob Lowe Voice: that is LITERALLY the best idea I’ve ever heard
I think its the opposite. They gave warren the question then gave her 3 minutes to think about it.
lol im with you!
Must be he doesn't speak Spanish. Gotta pander somehow.
"He seems... Normal."

In the Democrat Party, normal is abnormal.
Normal won’t give them free shit
You answered your own question
Right, lmao. He's toast
That’s precisely why. He’s not far left enough
This is a Circus. Haven’t you figured that out by now?!
because maryland has gone to the shits
Some questions answer themselves.
exactly
I’ve been thinking that all night
There hasn't been a lynching in almost 40 years but in liberal delusion blacks are being hung from trees on a daily basis.
Truly a real estate mogul
Living there rent free
You should see Tommy Chong on the Joe Rogan podcast. He has truly gone deranged with his Trump theories.
He's pretty much live tweeting lol
Exactly, is he the fucking most envied, hated, well-know, and legendary man of all time? Yeah, probably.
> He's probably watching this laughing his fucking ass off.

More like bored out of his mind.
And he's been doing this for 21 years and just today someone noticed.
I don't think you were wrong pre-edit tbh
He's going for the Speedy Gonzales / Frito Bandito endorsement.
god.....its sad that this isn't even a joke.
-Random Spanish

-Orange Man Bad

-Ban guns

-Open borders

-Free shit
[removed]
I think Tulsi is naive but they were clearly giving her the trickiest questions.
Christ, when are they not doing that?
I'd like to answer your question and give you an actual policy platform, but first I would like to say... I was down there in puerto rico serving hot dogs to school children
In conclusion, I would like to conclude with this conclusion....
“Hi I joined the weekend warriors. I’m basically a Navy SEAL”

Jesus Christ can you imagine her negotiating with Iran? “Hi Iran, I was in the army. So, can we give you more money?”
She's been just as robotic as Robot Rubio
THIS TRAIN HAS NO BRAKES
Help out our ol president!
Can’t wait
States not on the southern border don’t really have a credible position on border issues. It’s like New England doesn’t want a wall? Uh, yeah, because the issue doesn’t affect you. Maybe if you kept having to boot illegal child traffickers out of your barn you might feel differently. What if Texas started demanding Minnesota can’t salt the ice on their streets in winter?
My sides! 😂
I turned on the Alex Jones one first just because I didn't want to watch MSNPC, but really prefer something without additional commentary since they just make themselves look like fools without anybody having commentary on top of it.
I've literally got my popcorn
They like to call Trump a warmonger but he hasn't started any wars and he pulled some troops out of the middle east....and he's made some progress with North Korea.
I'd love to see three separate hour long interviews where Trump just plants a knee on one of their chests and hocks loogies on them. Just loogie after loogie.
Hee!
Watch as they will refuse to debate him.
He'll eat their livers with fava beans.
I'm really starting to believe that lmao
Always, pede.  Always!
link me up scotty
Where can I find it?
[deleted]
link please
Missed some rrrrrrrrrr’s
....but Democrats need that money in order to save a 4.54 billion year old planet in less than 10 years.  I can't even write that with a straight face..
#RENT FUCKING FREE
RENT FREE
That's what they want. They hate our country and want to ruin it.
Don't forget pro border security - fucking pussies amiright?
This is the basis of the #WalkAway movement:  people aren't leaving the Democrat party, the Democrat party is leaving them.  It's being taken over by the ultra-progressive wing, and anything right of Marx is being called alt-right.  

So the "moderates" in the party are suddenly outcasts.  JFK would be a Republican in the eyes of today's Democrat party.
Exactly. I'd vote for Delaney. Guy is a good sensible leader and said some shit I'd agree with. But he's a nobody so he'll be axed.
Don't ever underestimate just how ignorant and dumbed-down a frighteningly large percentage of the American public really is. Leftists have been working extra hard on that for decades, it's part of their gospel.
Yeah I'm gonna take my toddler on a hundreds of miles long hike through the desert with no supplies, what could go wrong?
Hispandering.
He considers his neighborhood to be a 10 mile radius around his house.
now the rest need to chime in on how they are more repressed and thus, more deserving
I actually hate him less than everyone else. He’s done.
I actually didn't mind his opinion on healthcare, a base healthcare supplied by the government, but able to keep your insurance if you want a private option.
Yeah, they want to try and manipulate everything so 'IF YOU DONT VOTE FOR ME OH GOD ITS A CRISIS BUT I CAN SOLVE IT!'
You made me lol and wake up my dog.
I am retarded - Beto
I knew a woman who had swollen hands!
They're harvesting votes with identity politics.
Its all they think about.
Because they are the color blind party. Duh.
0 taught them that for 8 years. Divide and conquer.
It's all they know
Identity politics is literally the only platform they have. Everything else they talk about is just to blow smoke up your ass.
IKR Do they even know about the Trans struggles in Drumph's America?
We're standing strong.
When I saw the poster/banner a few days ago it absolutely slayed me.
His whole stream has been pretty good. Lots of cutting away from the debate, but I'm honestly glad - the debate was really hard to watch.

I may watch both streams tomorrow because I feel that one will actually be important - more relevant candidates.
Watching some of the interviews of the people that they interviewed, they couldn't even really articulate who "won" or was articulate, just talked about learning about all of them.
A hash slinger
Every time they start bitching about the rich, NBC should superimpose their net worth. Like Warren. Didn’t Harvard pay her $250,000 to teach one class? 

And then they wonder why college is so expensive.
😂
That is why they are censoring everything...to keep Trump from getting his message out.
"We need more immigrants to power our thriving economy...coincidentally I will destroy our thriving economy and place the majority of immigrants in the hands of a welfare state."
>Beto 

You mean "Wacky Inflatable Tube Arm Man".
**Beto es una ducha completa.**
The Left is hilarously stupid
but the Dims will cure it! whew!
REALLY full!
Same is the toilet i just unplugged at my work!
And contain babies.
Im getting his tweets too and also Eric Trump who is also tweeting.
Something about tacos i think.
I think I heard them say they were going to the bathroom
I demand a congressional hearing to investigate!
Turn in yourself and get unlimited 💀
I heard i get an Obama Phone if i turn in my 1911
lolololololololll
I did for awhile. I rose up tho.
Proud of the job he has done to get people in his area shot.
I swear I thought that's what he was about to say lmao
when is your netflix comedy special LMAO
Casting Couch Cory
Lmao he's like a bootleg Keegan-Michael Key except with none of the talent.
When it suits him.
Did anyone record it and catch what was said on the hot mics?
because /pol/ can't stop stroking it over her
Cuz she fiiiiiiine
tulsi scares the shit out of me because she isn't a typical commie pinko.
Jose shot
Oh ya. 100% he got skeletons in his closet, full of gay clothes.
This.
He would campaign on it, but if he was ever in office (which he never will be) he won't do jack shit.

You know, the classic Democratic MO
It was a competition on who can virtue signal the hardest.

Tulsi Gabbard: "I served with LGBT, and I would die for them"

Cory Booker: "That's not enough! None us are talking about how transgender, especially BLACK transgender individuals are being murdered!!"

I rolled my eyes when Cory said that
Crowd reaction was next to nothing.
It actually bugs me when a Latino speaks perfect "american" english and then switches to spanish for a single word.

Same thing with white people trying to pronounce croissant like they are french
Eats with a comb loooollllzzzz
Worthless white males Loooolllllzzz
Since when is being a white guy from Texas considered a minority?
Warren and O’Rourke are whiter than the driven snow, so I’m not sure where their minority bonus would come in.
Mexico doesn't want him, either.
He’s looking constipated
That’s gonna be a meme for sure.
Robert Francis O'Rourke, appropriating the culture of the Mexican people. Sad.
Sounds like me in Spanish 2 sophomore year
She's also the only candidate with any significant support on stage.
Orange man so bad he can go back in time and replace past presidents during their terms.
It’s like these billions of dollars of “Green New Jobs” they keep promising. Where are they? Obama made the same promises both times he ran. Where are these jobs? They keep saying they’re just around the corner. But instead all we get is sham companies like Solyndra.
bUt iTz FrEeeEe
WTF how dare you criticise the NHS forcing women to have abortions
Abort your pills across the border.  I'm so confused.
Facts
It's all about who can virtue signal better than the others.
That was horrendous. Beto can at least kinda try and do it.  Booker had no clue what he was saying.  He was just reciting whatever he was told would appeal to the "latinx" voter.  Of course its latinx because "latino" is sexist
😂😂😂
That's sick. Human dignity for the people that come here only if illegally, not because their mothers sent them here through birth to get killed.
Ouch! "history book" double ouch!! 😄🍻

(Army officer in Europe in the 70s)
Abortions for transwomen.
Free abortions for trannies!
we'll all have to learn spanish in order to understand what they're saying
It hurts
Alex Jone's stream. It's far more entertaining.
search youtube 'nbc debate' filter for 'live'
I'm watching this with a nice joint rolled up and a Diet Pepsi. Don't let these people ever own your emotions. I watch this shit and lol
have a few drinks, shit post here and just laugh
Me either..they are a laughing stock..and if one more speaks to the American audience in Spanish..I'm going to fucking loose it! They are pandering to their illegal base.
Dealing..  Asking 20 million questions.
Oh god do I hope so, dude. Please PLEASE MAKE WITH THE EDITS AND UPLOAD!!!
“I heard that”
 🤡🌎
I say whoever can all fit in a Volkswagen can run.
"This must cease!"
https://youtu.be/pct1uEhAqBQ
Way too many people and way too little time, I don't know how they decided this would be a good idea
Because he's more full of shit than a whale with no asshole
I bet people in Austin are cheering their heads off though.
Fight through it bro
Driven by WHITES, change my mind!
Didn't you here them all say we need to invest in Central America, and not a one has mentioned investing in America.
Delaney is also the weakest candidate and has 0% chance
It's so funny they hate him so much over at redacted on their watch party thread
Delaney and Gabbard are pretty good; or at least they are on some of the issues I care about most.
I agree, if Delaney lasts then you know the moderates are in charge of the party again.
Thusly sealing his fate as to not receive the nomination.
agree, turned down gun thing in favor of treating the real issue of mental care and support for kids to not have to turn to violence and talked about the fake divides "they" wedge between us all.
Ryan and Delaney haven’t been bad for a lib
Tim Ryan was the dark horse favorite to become Speaker if Pelosi hadn't been able to lock down the votes.  If he wasn't equinsu ocha he could be a threat.
Hey how are ya hey how are ya
Thank you kind sir.........  ;)
Inslee is a joke
Only brought him up when taking about NYC Police 😂😂😂
HOW DARE YOU. My wife's boyfriend's son.
Need to find the right spoon to scoop me eyes out.
Just head to the Cathode Ray Mission, everything will be alright.

/videodrome
Everyone gets free dental!!!!!
This is great! Thank you! I hope he actually live tweets!
This is rad. Thank you!
I won’t make it through the first 20 minutes!
I’m not suicidal
She’s like a scrawny chicken
Wierd, she didnt even move for the first 10 minutes I watched.
unlike the left we do actual opposition research. not make shit up in our head and pretend that that is what they said.
It is cringy.
Gotta pander in ways the others can't. You know after he finished he was like,

*Yes! I nailed it!*
Reddit just quaranteed him too :(
Get that tip real fine
I wonder what would happen if Republicans pushed a bill that would make abortion of baby girls illegal after a heartbeat but abortion of baby boys legal up to nine months. 

How would Democrats argue against it?
and 'women's' dick too
I liked how he paused and got it sorted out in his head before he started speaking
ooo you bad hahah
They'd be quarantined as security risks.
Ohhhhh that suuuuuucks
In Thanos voice: Only 9 to go
I honestly can't wait.
🤡🌍
>All they do is blame Trump and cater to the illegals.

You’d be surprised how many illegals will be voting in the 2020 election ;)
You mean 4EVA.
agree

so reassuring
Yeah, whatever happened to Clinton having a 80% chance to win?
I really really hope Trump calls him out on it.
In the Swanky Seattle neighborhoods, or out East with the deplorables?
Kek (peace be upon him) is with us
Trumo. I like it
This should be their slogan 😂
Patriot.
Guy's Grocery Game is on. lol
'MURICA!
America!
also did I mention my son was black?
Yeah didn't you see the puddle that formed on the sidewalk when it rained yesterday?

Now it's a protected wetland!
They built in places they shouldn’t have in south beach, it’s been “flooding” forever. It’s nothing new and people in Miami know that. 

Damn these clowns are stupid. Lol
They have the lowest rate of murder. Imagine being an actual black american with the highest rate of gun violence against you and every democrat is like... uh are you trans?
Ya. I'd hit it and my wife's a dime. Lol
Hot for a politician, yes.
you're attracted to the military references / a woman in uniform
They keep saying "potential crimes".   These people are scary.  The only reason they need is that they hate you.
Here we goooooo!
Russssssiaaaaa!!!!
Surely he’s not as bad as you purport?
None of these clowns tonight have a chance. It was basically a VP interview.
It’s like... Reddit... used to be. What... how is this... have I been lied to... about... everything?
The black son is the punchline
I'll vote for boobies
Thoughts on vagene?
You get 2 smoke signals for every $1000 you donate to her campaign.

Minimum contribution comes with her cookbook.
*Yeah I know- they're all crazy! But wait till you see our champion!*

My sides..
and he fucked it up! hahahaha
I laughed so fucking hard when he broke out in the Spanish.

Everyone Hispanic guy at work tomorrow “did you see this dumb punto acting like he’s one of us last night?”
he's a threat to their "chosen one" they'll fuck em like the did Bernie if he comes close ... but the lack of airtime on this debate is a good first move
this debate is rigged, just like 2016. everyone knows Pocahontas is going to win.
Exactly, he's Ron Paul 2020. Reasonable, sane, no one cares.
4Evah
Any idea how it got there?
Bernie is the star freak on tomorrow’s episode of clown world.
word
Trans women have the right to choose you bigot!
KEK, you're absolutely right.  I didn't think of that before.  Thanks sir/ma'am pede.
it would be funny if they took him off the panel during the commercial.  What a cuck.
She was actually getting her virgin blood infusion
Yet they are pissed that states are cutting into Roe v Wade which isn't even in the Bill of Rights.
Trump curse
Comments are defaulted to sort by new and they're rolling in so quick they get buried before people can even see them. I guess you could say this thread is a bit

 **HIGH ENERGY**
She's polling at like 2%
Yeah, she's having a problem with the public speaking thing. Took me years to get over the same thing but I got the hang of it eventually.
Technically it was private security shooting trespassers in his gated community.
he was the mayor before a Senator, that city is a shithole
THIS
Ugh ugh ugh ugh ugh ugh ugh ugh
That would make too much sense!
He’s too high to think otherwise
I am Spartacus, I am ahead, I have a full head of hair.
So weird that Bill Clinton never pimped his black son.
Ben Shapiro: My wife is a doctor.
ALSO HE'S A NINJA!
I wonder if Elizabeth Warren could actually do it with her own hands. Nine months, head is outside the plane of the vagina, and you just drill into the little baby girl’s skull and suck out her brains as she screams in pain. Could you do it, Pokey? Like actually do it with your own hands, watching it with your own eyes? 

There’s a reason they make it next to impossible to see videos of abortion procedures on the Internet. Every other medical procedure you can watch, no matter how gross, because hey, it’s just medicine. 

But abortion? They got that shit on lockdown. The whole world would become 90% strongly against late-term abortion if they saw just five minutes of one. The screams alone would be so haunting, which I guess is why they started cutting the vocal chords before they drill into the skull. Don’t have to hear the screams that way. (Smart thinkin’.)
Party of obstruction
For the Dems it's very well worded. They see the other side as adversaries that must be kicked out of office.
datsracis.gif
My town burned and flooded at the same time. Then a hurricane made from melted icebergs blew my dog away :-(
he's from Washington state, they burn a lot

but I think he needs a different strain
None. I had a girlfriend in Miami. It’s fucking fine.
Back in the day, they heard about Chernobyl and Three Mile Island and they got scared.
The potential of nuclear is insane, i don't understand why they're so against it
Tulsi Gabbard looks uncomfortable up there when some of these ppl talk lol
Then imagine not needing to imagine.  Any Dems who are excited about their chances after this "debate" is a danger to themselves at the very least.
Lol just melts into a hot pile of shit
Yeah but to be fair Mitt Romney is a pile of garbage.
Not if we show up at the ballots. Trust the process my friend
I thought this was a deleted scene from Happy Gilmore.
If they steal this one, full blackpill.
No soy comprendo
It's almost as if her career depended on it...
The shit is just beginning, fellow pede.
A bloodbath of biblical proportions
I know she actually mentioned college lmfao. I was like holy shit, is she actually going to say it?
Only there for the power and money
Half of them probably arent even American
He will probably just snort some of Hunter's coke.
It really illustrates how clueless the Democrats are about firearms when semi auto rifles are their Target to reduce homicides.
The establishment left: "fuck the 0.01%!"

Also the establishment left: "ok there 0.01%, what would you like me to do or say?"
Hell, that might be the only reasonable thing we hear tonight!
Now i need to know who the other 9 are
They aren’t bringing there best...
They're freaking clueless
and...the GOPe
#LGBTRTAJ TODAY!!!!
dude I was confused as hell
Clown world that's how.
HEY!  STOP BEING A BIGOT.  KYS







obligatory /s
Well when your polling at 0% you gotta pander to that .00003% of the population.
Do you hate Ricardo Montobahn?
Seriously I thought this was a US election not a Mexican one.
Apparently we are.
i legit lol'ed 

hard

still lol'ing
LMAO
Best of the night!
Yeah fuck me too and my entire family who came here legally. We're all a bunch of fucking stickers for coming here legally apparently.
We embrace you ♥️
Me and my fiance are just about to obtain our K1 visa to arrive here, after which it will take several years and a decent chunk of change for her to be naturalized. We're talking about a 6-10 year process depending. She's already pissed off about Democrat policy proposals.
Almost certainly didn’t happen.
Probably not.... She got them to look more native, gotta get them ethnic brownie points
Let'em keep building up those false hopes.
russia bullshit expert coming right up.
Maddow has got you covered
“What’s russia”

All Dems on stage
Honk
the only way they win is through massive cheating
I feel like the only person I havent heard pathetically struggling to speak Spanish is the only one there who might have spoken the language since childhood lol
I was gonna sarcastically give you a small example but I can't think of a single one. They are all exactly the same.
Mostly the same platform, with some going to extremes to appeal to commies.
and Buttboi as well
Pander pander pander!!!!
And we wonder why they want open borders from primarily Spanish speakers? It's sad, they know exactly what they are doing. Hurting others for their benefit.
I think they're bleeding votes when they do that. It's just pathetic.
I thought I was on the Spanish channel for a minute. These people give zero fucks about Americans.
IMO if you can't speak and understand English...they you don't/shouldn't be voting in any election in the United States.
The ultimate virtue signal
At which private school is he being targeted?
I face palmed so hard when she said that, full of cringe.
Things the MSM will never air... why Alex Jones and all independent journalism is important to our movement. 

In reality... they are such low energy, Trump in a landslide — as long as we don’t get complacent. Make sure you vote! MAGA 🇺🇸

*Spez: I wasn’t meant to be a solider I was a cheese maker*
I am watching that too!  Fucking pathetic!  They still think they control the narrative!  LMFAO!
He hangs out with DeBlasio’s black son
So am I and I also poll at 0%...
They talked about the economy in the beginning.
They'd almost have to admit it's doing good right now
Cuz they know they are beat to shit.  No one cares about climate change.  You hear a lot in the news but when polled Americans don't give a flying fuck.
It's a miracle he's lived this long
A shit show fo sho
So telling
He got destroyed tonight that's for sure
And a skateboard. Beto needs his skateboard
Dont forget his guitar
No problem. He just needs to reboot his image again and make more skateboard videos.
Thanks for hanging out. Have a good night!
i tried doing some brain learning on CNN and now i keep repeating the same talking points over and over without thinking about what im saying
They kinda did
Ryan and Delaney are doomed for not being complete leftists
My favorite airline.
I doubt its even that high. The total number of homosexuals in the world is about 3-4%
If so, you must drink. Or if anyone says "literal"
He already did
They aren't having a good night.
lol blasio keeps going after beto hahahah, beto having a bad night
Obama's wars.
MUH RUSSIAAAAA!
The war on whites.
And now it's a shouting match.  Remind me which wars trump has got us into instead of trying to get us out of?
He's easy to pick on.
Dems gave up on the Midwest already.
Orange man put the joystick down....orange man bad
That idiot seriously is up on stage blaming Trump for the drone shoot down.
Drone Lives Matter!
lol what a weak-chinned, got owned by Tulsi.
Qualities held in very low regard among Dem electorate.
Delaney's good. He's an actual leader I'd vote for. Sensible and realistic, looking after real americans. Not up his own ass. Seems like he wants to do things, not talk from his card like Beto, Corey etc.
Tulsi is literally the most attractive. I enjoy looking at her.
True story. Warden signed her warrant by challenging google
Exactly
On top of hardly being any seats in there.
I thought I saw empty seats!
Any of them would sweep this election
Honk!
Delaney is the only somewhat sane guy in that room. He won’t be going anywhere though as the Dem voting base is just absolutely encapsulated in the bullshit that’s being spewed
lmfao actually
Poetry
Aoc is hotter and that doesn’t mean anything since there both clowns
1
it was tranny "choice"

as in they can choose to make US pay for their mental illness-related-mutilation
Well, I can only upvote once, but I comment a lot
If she gets far enough....Trump sure will.
Yeah, it was weird. I think they knew not to push her hard and early like they did Clinton. She said nothing, and even when she talked she wasn't saying shit.
They just kept her silent and prevented her from making a fool out of herself.
That place is ASTRO turfed.  So we now know where the super delegates are going to go
Tomorrow they won't ask Joe any questions and he'll come out on top
Considering that the best strategy the DNC Clowns have right now is to stay quiet and out of sight while their army of shills and fraudsters get ready to drag them over the line, that's a win.

They can't win if people know who they are and what they stand for beyond "Not Trump" and "Free stuff".
That's why she won.
And does anyone have a comb so I can eat my salad?
Funny thing is, she really isn't.   I am as pro Trump as the next guy on here, but as a Minnesotan I can tell you if I were a level headed liberal,  that's who I would choose.  Thing is, there are not very many level headed liberals.  I didn't vote for her, but I actually know some tump voters who did.
There like "he's white but he knows Spanish so it's cool he practically Mexican" lol
They're just going after the fall guys to seem impartial. Remember 2016? They know they can't just shove shit right down people's throats.
It can all be roughly translated to say, "FREE SHIT!"
MoveOn is pushing her hard
Thought it was just a slightly animated statue of Warren when I tuned in.
None of them are answering the questions. At least the mod is calling them on it.
Drink
Yea but they are all foam and no beer
"Give the research away as long as they make it in America" 

Yea, tell that to China who has been stealing tech for years.
They expect companies to stay here and do that WHILE raising taxes. HAHAHAHA
Climate Crisis is the term coming soon.
I thought it was already clear that anything bad over the next decade was Trump's fault
it'll be like earths core is heating up and volcano eruptions and we need to research it, so as president I'm going to start a volcano tax on everyone.
Before acid rain it was the rain forest and all the way back to the 70s when it was New Ice Age lawl
No, Maddow was there
They already have one of those.  He calls himself "Rachel".
This Spanish-only economy doesnt work for me!
AGREED.

MAKE YACHTS GREAT AGAIN!!!!!
He didn't get the correct eyes for it though
“But I was told I was Indian!”
Steve Jobs had cancer so... technically Trump is right.
They haven't a clue as to how to run a business or create more jobs.
of course you have the right to another persons work!  duh!
OWNING GUNS ISNT
I can’t believe they let him say that.
Mysterious gym accident?
Retarded half-brother, the one conceived in the alleyway with the homeless dude.
Sure he does.  In a run down apartment
True
seconded!
I'm as confused as you are..

Wtf.
transsexuals can actually be born with both organs, or a weird combination.
JFK is not happy.
He misgendered Trans Men. Lol
😂
This, he got served. Now he's gonna have to do a 1080 tripple flip to outscore him.
PANDER PANDER PANDER, why do they suddenly gain an accent when saying a country's name also... My columbian girlfriends face tells it all listening to this. "WTF"
(*Trump voice*) Mexican
Booker now speaks in tongues
It's spelled Bonkers.
he's not wrong
soon it will be a mandatory language in schools.
She’s Harvard’s first professor of color, don’t ya know?... Pocahontas herself!
Is being 1/1024th something even worth identifying as such?
But illegals do
They are catering to the newest Democratic voters
yeah but 50% of their voter base does
That’s impossible
He's going to offend Ruthie with that language.
You get a 70% tax rate and like it!
Free everything and $15/hr. But there won’t be any jobs because they’re shutting down all the companies.
Ya remember when they say they would give you a tiny bit of someone else's money after they take yours? Take it or leave it you peice of shit.
No, only foreign nationals. Send the doctors and money to them. Citizens? Who are they?

And yet there are American citizens that will vote for these people. To be fair, at least half the population technically has to be below average IQ.
After all the illegals have jobs, healthcare, and homes, then we can talk about Americans, okay?
El Hombre Anaranjado es muy malo.
Posible que sí. Cambia el canal a Fox
"We control the horizontal and the vertical..."

- MSNB~~C~~S
She's a complete libtard. Free this and that. But yeah she's kinda normal for the Democrat party.
She will have my vote for winner (assuming she is included in the poll)
Giving away money is their solution to everything.
Their policies are now to pay criminals not to do crime, haven't you seen this crap from the West coast yet?
kinda hot tho, like the bit of white hair
Yes they are. EVERYONE gets a path to citizenship...because fuck Americans
Yes, we also have to give them free healthcare and education...
Rent free.
It would be a cool commercial about journalism if it wasn't fake.
it's like American Horror Story

Democrats
iJeb! Looming
Boring in the sense that there is no substance. Entertaining because of the circus show
It's goofy, for sure.
I think I need to drink more if that makes this funny.
Same
#SPEAK UP I CAN"T HEAR YOU!!!
Found Donald!
And now- our remaining 9 debaters return
It was guthrie wanting her binder
They use that “statistic” even when guns are brought to school but not used
Truth
Only a matter of time.
TAKE IT AWAY!!...


...WAIT NO.  BRING IT BACK BRING IT BACK BRING IT BACK
Please roll the r next time, Beto. I mean, Castro.
so true
Gutfeld has been great tonight, but this is my favorite:

[https://twitter.com/greggutfeld/status/1144058182685351936](https://twitter.com/greggutfeld/status/1144058182685351936)
Show me on the doll ....
Shes kinda hot too. At least will be decent to look at
That ship sailed. Now it's 'obstruction'.
*Laahteeeno
X
Yeah, 10th army. Which included 4 or 5 divisions.
X
And why he’ll never get the D nomination
They can pretend, but at the end of the day, they all march in stride from the same orders.
Nope. Here it comes. Greatest geo-political threat to the United States.



Edit: I stand corrected. One Russia and like ten Climate Change answers.
she keeps repeating she was so i guess so
Yes
No but DeBlasio’s dad was
Yes
Possibly, must be ashamed about it; she never admits it.
> We get called either homophobes or woman haters for another 4 years.

¿Por que no los dos?
Make a note of it as well as post and save it
That's because they're dumb.
Tulsi made some weird changes to her appearance for the cameras tonight.
HAHAHA!
Holy fucking shit. LOL.
I love that man!
I’ve always called him Chuck Todd the rapist. He is no Tim Russert. I have a feeling Russert wouldn’t be down with all this clown shit.
Now we can never forget.
Or as Lionel says, a bad magician.
A beaver with hair plugs.
How much wood could a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could chuck Todd
Cuck has the most sickening *end of gotcha report pause* (complete with eyes slamming shut) anywhere in maggot media.
I guess that saying you are what you eat is bullshit then! Otherwise he'd look like a rooster
What do we want ? TO CHEAT!

How are we gonna do it?

LAST MINUTE PAPER BALLOTS!!!!
RETWEET
Yea that one stood out as ignorant
I wouldn't mind seeing California sink.
Not a single positive thing about their worlds
Rigged debate.

"What do you think about fake news?"

"What do you have to say about record employment. How will you keep this going?"

Should be asked.
REEEEEE
Booker is less "black" than Carlton Banks.
the thick headed, shilling for CIA/Clinton network, wonder why Tulsi Gabbard wants peace in Syria. They can't understand why Tulsi doesn't want the middle east run over with Al Qaeda terrorists, which they actively funded and trained.  The CIA/Clinton media still supports Al Qaeda terrorists over the internationally recognized government of Assad.  If Assad bent over for "American interests" in Syria, then he would be viewed as an ally.
Of everyone on the stage tonight, I like Tulsi the best.  The only one calling out the Military Industrial Complex
Looks like you know exactly how to Reddit.
Sounds like something my dad would say during his birthday after 3 beer. This place is the best
Love you pedes
Right, don’t trust these snakes. Not one of them will discuss big tech censorship AT ALL. They don’t care about any of us.
Can't trust any of these goons
She was willing to call out Hillary and Obama in 2016. That I will give her credit for, but beyond that she's a flake.
Trump 2020
Well yeah duh
She’s a real jerk.
Lmao!
An oldie but a goodie
Hahahaha
Munch on pharma money
PS they're picking favorites already
 Buy some knee pads first.
talk a lot of bullshit and make sure to over-emphasize every word like you're talking to a toddler
Tell lies.
Lol. I thought the same thing ! Who is the guy !
Already have mate, get on my level.
It's only day one.  Goofy Liz is the undercard.
Curing cancer.
DEVOUR CHILDREN. IMPORT ILLEGALS
And it costs a bazillion dollars
Tax payer funded abortions! It’s a circus up there. I hope they keep it up because anyone watching has to see how obnoxious this is
Yes, and the audience applauded like it actually made sense.
Right 😂 I think he was trying to say something along the lines of covering trans surgery???
Def his last debate. How dare he break lockstep.
Well hes full of shit
A funny shit show
When I first went there at the start it was 2.8k likes and 2.9k dislikes. I’m proud to say I helped with the dislike tally.
¿Habla?
trilingual here! german, sign lanuage and now working on korean
He and his twin brother suck
[¡Arriba Arriba Andale Arriba!](https://youtu.be/zOvyRjVQLjE)
Rrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr


Rrrrrrrrrrr

REEEEEEEE
>No, immigrants didn't create their misery 

We all get what we vote for. Politicians come from the people of their country.
We need our housekeeper
We need truck drivers who dont speak English to wreck their trucks in Colorado cause they cant read the road signs!! Think of the illiterate truck drivers!!
Or robots who won't have children that turn the school systems to garbage, ruin neighborhood unity, spread strange diseases, drive drunk, and bring other third-world problems long ago solved.
And give them "free" health care.
Oh, damn.
Exactly, yes. These people don't understand how obvious it is that they are encouraging the problem.
Not in Miami, apparently
Yeah, I don't know what he's trying to suggest there.
Really? He seems like he's going for a much more intense persona all the time. Like everything is a personal crusade.
That’s it.  That’s their strategy.  Good luck to them.
jumped the shark and rammed face-first into the pier
Simultaneously boring and hilarious.
Since 2016, when the troll in chief said, "only Rosie O'Donnell.
Democrats grovel to America's enemies.
Klobuchar said she would extend date requirements to get us back into the deal. Holy shit.
Oh man, its scary how accurate this statement is.

All I heard was: orange man bad, trump this and did that and all illegals are welcome.

What a joke. I'm certain some of the left are crying after watching 2 minutes of this.
But then she opens her mouth and bullshit comes out.
yes
Hopefully she talks about Russia collusion and starts crying
Yeah, not sure I'll be able to sit through that.
We need long form discussions broadcast on the internet, Joe Rogan style so we can flesh out ideas and not get campaign clips for base-fodder
Not gonna lie- i dig it
LGBQBBQ bold sauce
Please clap.
i mean..sometimes msnbc does polls...sometimes cnn does polls...they are coming from EVERYWHERE!!!!1
On point
So apropos.
They can’t work the mics but their M to F trans staff have full access to abortion coverage. Reproductive Justice. Fuck the mics
The funny part is warren being first pick, but this being the VP debate isn't far off.
But muh diversity is strength!
Probably unfair to morons.
Or do you mean, "Estas personas son idiotas absolutos"?
>🤡🌎
Yeah I’m interested in this too
I couldn’t make it out, but was hoping for something embarrassingly honest
Nice to see you here Mr. Ventura.
MOLON LABE
He's like, what are we talking about again?
Oh shit lmfao
I love me some Krayzie Bone and Ice Cube. Hold the Krayzie eyes.
*que Ray Liota laughing gif*
As a gun owner, I can't wait to turn in my property to a tyrant. Just like every other gun owner. Great post, fellow gun owner!
“Congressman, no one knows who you are. Buzz off!”
Shut out for over an hour. And he’s the one I want to hear most honestly.
It must be hard being a wealthy politically connected privileged black teenager in New York City in 2019
My wife’s son?
Right on
He sounds like a terrible candidate, but at least he sounds like a real adult compared to the other 9 wackjobs on the stage
Hahaha!!
**mY pLaN**
I can only think of the "I LOVE COCAINE!!!!!!!" bear when he's talking.
Bold strategy, Cotton.
That shit looks fantastic looking straight into the mirror though. Lol
I’m gonna lean forward with my comb forward
They're not sending their best.
No, they're not. Their voters are dumb as fuck. 

They are evil.
Its not as much about where you've been as it is where you're going, pede. You're on the right side of history now.
Same.
honestly, it has become truly insane the last few years.

I mean come on - supporting and trying to protect illegal aliens that are breaking the law is now one of their main objectives
their other main objective is anti-trump. thats it.


Bernie Sanders said the other day (and all of his progressive candidates agreed and suppported him) that all college loans should be forgiven. Another main talking point of theirs.

**when you go to college, most of the time it includes meal plans, housing, and other stuff... not paying that back is stealing!**
Democracy iS KiLlInG tHe BroWn BaBiEs YoU BiGgoT!
It's what Obama did.  You can do it, but if Congress doesn't vote for it it can be pulled out easily by the next president.
No one applauded. Lolz
👆👆👆👆👆
Give her a break, half of campaigning is sucking the military's dick. Can't blame her for playing the veteran card.
Booker has that minority on LOCK
Guy from Maryland too
The other guy was right about dem's being a coastal elite party with lackluster working class support
For sure. She has some sensible things to say on some subjects as well. Of all the candidates, if I absolutely had to choose it would be her.
They literally have no policies/ideas. All they have is "IMPEAAAACHHHHHHH!!!!" Lmao. The Democrat Party should be ashamed of themselves.
>Beto sending Trump to death on his first day of office 2020 Colourized

https://makeagif.com/i/uPqRyq
Remember when Bill Clinton got impeached but didn't get removed from office? Impeachment is only the first part of the process, you idiots.
The ballots they found in a trunk which got her fellow senator Gropey McFranken "elected."
They'd *never* do that...
How many box’s did they need to find to win last time?
A shit sandwich served on a filthy, dirty, chipped platter.
We need the immigrants to work the farms and send their under the table pay back to Mexico. That’ll fix the economy and save this country.
Exactly. I was in a union and holy fuck they're inept and they're usually just looking for handouts rather than helping the workers.
I’m sure everyone in my blue collar rust belt home town wants “free” healthcare and open borders.  Because they will all recognize how well that will work out. 

Oh and ps. A President who rambles in Spanish
Not if a democrat becomes president. Kiss all that goodbye.
Anecdotal....I can’t find a job with my 200k dollar education!

Spez: sarcasm
she will be labeled a nazi tomorrow
She was pretty nervous at first but warmed up later. Completely demolished that guy when they talked about the war
gabbard is all "i would gladly give my life in the line of duty for lblgltlswq~!" 

hahaha no you wouldn't
Thought I was the only one who noticed his fish eyes.
The Deep State is pulling the strings on these Clowns.
Hillary es mi abuela
That's a bad bet. You may die, considering NBC can't even shut the fucking audience and mod mics down when they are off screen.
they will still call her a nazi
She's running as a dem. I think she would be stronger but that won't resonate with dems.
We should bomb them to dust because they say mean things about America and don't like poop dick. MAKE IRANIANS LOVE POOP DICK!

Did you fall for the false flags? What's with all the fucking hawks here? Boomers? Trump ran AGAINST "stupid wars" in 2016.
I think she's having a panic attack. I've had them on stage and they suck.
dId YoU kNOw I SeRvEd In THe military???
Same I’m watching sh0eonhead’s live-stream and she keeps fan girling over her. Why? Are we not watching the same thing?
You can tell she was nervous af
She seemed normal-ish on Tucker. She’s a total loon though. I can see that clearly after tonight. That’s the problem with these clowns. They’re different in every situation!!! Blacks? Act one way. Lobbyist? Act a totally different way. They’re phonies!
Yeah behind a wall and surrounded by armed guards
 Only way that’s true if one of the houses he owns is there. The rest are estates i bet
So DC? Haha
Comment of the newmanium
the smoke signals came out of her ears
Turns out we don’t like trannies reading to our kids.
De Blasio, literally.
All. Do you even EQUALITY YOU BIGGIT?!!??
They are all losers!
Nice to have you here with us tonight!
(they both are insane)
I Saw that it was hilarious!
agreed, he did such a fantastic job in newark /s
Or company hires useless employees who make less money then blame everyone else.
will be funny but sad when SNL has to make this type of skit soon.
She only had one shot. Shaking her head "no no no" while talking. fail
None of them have!
Because he pandered to the far left there.
Any dem is a shoe-in for mayor there. Also he promises free crap
Have you been to New York recently?
Fraud.
His only opponent was Carlos Danger
“I’ve been in politics for decades but now I’m going start fixing things!”
Every time
I bet she’s been chosen to run as Biden’s VP so they each get a night in the spotlight
Shes getting the John Cena push. Media loves her. Theres a reason shes on the stage with the anonymous stooges
This is a staged event to prop up Warren.
Ima have to keep an eye out for this
Robert letting everyone else take his turn like a bitch
He speaks Spanish better than Eenglish
PEYOTE FOR ALL!
Oh no you didn't! (oh yes you did)
Too long;didn’t win?
he's accessing the social engineering playbook in his head
Mimicking obama's speech pattern
I'm hogging time right now.

You're reading this.  Bam.  I just hogged some of your time.
Very rehearsed, but at least she remembered it all I guess.
Her hotness is fairy dusting you.
He may not want to come out of the closet, but his eyeballs will not be stopped.
**O** v **O**
BOOO!!
Abortions for some, miniature American flags for others!
If you have to ask you’re a racist
Dems: Move from aborting black babies, to exclusively aborting white babies
Adding justice to a word to make it more gooder (see social "justice" aka group punishment)
BIGOT
Trans women don't have uteruses...  Trans men may.
Rather watch that - can we have the Monkey Channel?
Hola *lgbt!*
Link!?!?
Where can i watch
Yes
Biden + Bernie will draw more audience
Yes this is the B team.
Bernie 'take yo shit whitey' Sanders and Joe 'grope your child' Biden
Idpol all day
Thats pretty perfect
Time to throw out the Constitution
“Julian Castro”
Beto O'Rourke.
I am going to vomit from laughing so hard.
Libs: I love love meddling in foreign countries!
Central America can eat shit.
The illegal professional moocher vote
They are so afraid to diverge from the "everything free, open borders for all" talking points because they know that the radical left wing that they created and encouraged will have their heads. They fucked themselves.
Yup “values” and “racism” thats his whole platform right there
I think it's a sign of mental disorder, I don't think it's intentional!
We'll eat anything you want us to eat, we'll swallow anything you want us to swallow!!!
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Matthew_Lesko
Waiting for a woke Gillette ad
You wouldn’t think there would be room with their heads in there...
Well, it is said that 91.3% of on the spot poll numbers are made up...
Can't wait to see that dude try not to bring up "orange man bad" in her questions. Right there with you bud 👊
Heads would explode. That question will be CENSORED
No Refunds if you vote in a socialist/commie!
But I seen pictures of AOC in perfect make-up and suit looking sad at a fence. 

Concentration camps, 2019
Yup because banning guns would somehow solve everything
Absolute GOLD!
can you link please?
yes sir watching now its wonderful!
Trump Curse is real.
i Couldn't hear what was being said
someone get the replay
How many ice creams will I get for dinner if you're the president???
I seriously wish someone could fact check him on this. I highly doubt he lives in a slum.
I think he's Hispanic
Asian guy is tomorrow
lol
We are at 760k subs*
1 million by the end of the week, especially after 2 nights of this clown show.
[deleted]
The hot glue gun corey booker used to get that googly eye on
remember when he drove drunk, crashed, and fled the scene?
 Biden is tmmr
SC will never be blue. Everyone I know and meet daily here is all Trump.
Tomorrow night we learn more.
One may say......cucked?
And she’s wearing Hilldawg purple
wish i could upvote more
LMAO I just noticed that at the same time
Which one, Madcow?
That's cause by the NBC execs tea bagging the top of his head on a daily basis
Shit maybe we ought to just re-elect Trump then 🤔
Think of them like candles to blow out so you can get some Trump cake
For real! Have to give to Tulsi on this one if we're being honest here. While the others are jumping at each others' throats, she is is just politely waiting for her turn to speak. Guess it's the military background.
Exactly what did he roll back?
What could that question possibly referring to?
Heard that too.  Talk about a loaded statement...
He nailed it and he knew it.
Chicago had one a few months ago.
That's textile-ist. 😂
Nothing. Trump did.
Duh don't you know about the daily lynchings going on every day in your neighborhood? Smh
What are any of them talking about?!
His blackness.
you know all the lynchings.... like every day!!
I don't even think he knows.
lol beto having an identity crisis right now
If I was him, I’d be crying rn.
He needed to eat dirt and soy on weekends.
“The greatest debate in the last 100 years”
It's going to be beautiful
There's still another night of this too. This is where the fun begins.
Sometimes he talks about his black son, whom the police might kill at any moment.
They won't. I'll give them credit here this is one thing they do the Republicans never do in that they stick together.
Democrat led real internment camps lol
I think he thought people would clap after he said his dad killed himself.
Don't give Tim Lyin a chance. He fucks us Ohioans constantly.
He’s making a teeny bit of sense with the taliban expanding if we pull troops from Afghanistan
I would enjoy him and 45 going head to head tho. Is Kasich showing up on the next one?
sounds like a mainly female audience.
I'm pretty sure the precedent is that you just destroy all the evidence and walk away smiling
And playing a sweet tune on the bagpipes.
I think it will be more eventful, Bernie vs Biden is pure gold
They are going to gang up on Biden, watch.
blasio, gotta be. We need angry grandad yelling at the open windows causing a breeze in the whitehouse.
Trump.

Trump won this debate ... clearly.
Tulsi
“My wife’s son” Bill gets my vote also.
Booker he is the worst. He would lose to an abandoned kiddie pool
Tulsi
Well if they didn’t try to pack in 100 people. It wouldn’t be that bad.
Yep, that was sad.
They will just power him down and reboot
Joe McCarthy, Richard Nixon, Studebaker, television, North Korea, South Korea, Marilyn Monroe, Ryan started the fire!
My 9 year old asked why his eyes are two different directions
I couldn't understand why they thought preventing beds from being delivered to children would be a good pr stunt.
Really was hoping she was going to say "I'll fight for my tribe"
> First I'd like to thank my sponsor tonight, NBC...
You know how AOC says stuff for a couple minutes and then you are like "what the hell was she trying to say?" ... it was like that x10 more people
act 1: orange man bad

act 2: turtle man bad

act 3: make America work again (because they feel it's broken)
Great
TRUMP 2020 bigly!
That's a fair stance.
Once you find out it’s a literal satanic ritual you’ll change your tune.
If they don't even have money to pay for it , it's kinda not a choice that's on the table for them...
your brain cells must go extinct when any other dem talks then, she is smarter than the rest of them
I AM A NATIVE AMERICAN!
The DNC is going to shut Warren down. They'll do her like they did Bernie.
I think that was smart. The question was an identity politics trap right off the bat, but she avoided it and stuck to her main issue. She got her message out on the biggest platform.

Her issue may be there's not more to her message besides the foreign policy.
She probably knows that the DNC wants to shut her out so just figured it made more sense to ignore the question. I don't really care what she thinks about the "wage gap" anyhow.
DON’T LET YOUR MEMES BE DREAMS!
Thinking about stopping for some beers before I go home after **work**.
thank you for the link, awesome pede!
Well she’s not wrong, but’s she’s also not right.
so much cringe right out of the gate
Oh, so he’s going to win because he’s speaking Spanish. I’m not even listening to what he’s saying because he started speaking Spanish.
Naw, I'm loving it! :)
Mexican pesos to forward to the candidate the DNC chooses
>Gets 10 more seconds to answer a binary question.

>Doesnt
Exact thing that turned me away from Democrat party completely: constant pandering to climate change and gay community.
It’s much better to just listen instead of watching.
It's refreshing to just have someone who doesn't foam at the mouth with marxism.
She will be labeled a Nazi by the other clowns by the end of the primary.
Well she's the best candidate. She's the best case scenario nominee imo because at least if she won we'd have the best possible democrat in office.
She dodged a bullet. I noticed that as well
Kinda like Ben Shapiro. Did you know I went to Harvard????
True.
Delicious
They would just repeat the rehearsed talking points like robots.
Good point!
And crazy ideas
Losers have crazy eyes.
The DNC is guaranteed to give her the ol’ Bernie Treatment if she becomes a real threat.
Good thing Democrats aren't smart.
I agree but she’s not left enough to grab the nomination. Biden is in the same boat. He’s got the best shot in a general election by far, but the Democrats are going to run Warren who will get destroyed in the general. 

I love watching them destroy themselves as a party, it’s glorious.
How dare you, sir! I don’t care that you took risks, have more responsibility, etc. Gimmie my tendies!
Fuck inslee
$15 is when you meet the next tax band....
LMAO at $15/hour in fucking rural wyoming and montana. the costs of goods will skyrocket in those rural states. easy to fix though. just fire everyone except two people who will do the job of 5 or 6 people.
She won the dick measuring contest back stage.
I'd give you gold if reddit didn't suck
Qué?
Beto, either that guy was 72 years old, had a mom who thought Hostess was a good group,, or you're full of shit. I know what I believe.
Yeah he started talking shit to Beto for the chance to speak but he's not Trump so he got cucked by Homer Simpson.
He’s used to it
AMEN!
AMEN!
Pretty much what you would expect. Lots of fuel for the meme machine.
Well I've learned Orange Man bad, beto speaks Spanish, and... yeah that's about it.
As you would expect. A stage of conmen telling views about how horrific the economy is and how great a move toward socialism would be
On TV, too. I rolled my eyes immediately.
Did anyone clap after every word?
Yes, almost immediately. And Robert spoke spanish in his opener.
I just tuned in 3 minutes ago. And they’ve already promised free health care for all
Yes, that's all its been
#YOU’RE GETTING FREE HEALTHCARE!

#YOU’RE GETTING FREE HEALTHCARE!

#YOU’RE GETTING FREE HEALTHCARE!

#YOU’RE GETTING FREE HEALTHCARE!
'pahtacus!
CB is for real, yo.  Ask T-Bone.
With his pal T-Bone

 https://www.nationalreview.com/2013/08/cory-bookers-imaginary-friend-eliana-johnson/
kek
I can't unsee this now. Damn you
Si
Que?
You do not have the right to another person's labor.

That's called slavery.
Or cartels from South America
It's Trump's fault!

/s
Left: "People are literally dying to get into the US!"

Also left: "The US is a racist, oppressive, POS country!"

Do they ever listen to themselves?
Actually, I can't fault him for that. That's just trying to speak good Spanish.
Appealing to their future voter base.
The United States doesn't have an official language.
It’s actually not. I did a speech in college on why it should be.
Fuuiuuiidddge
Buttedge-edge or whatever his name is going to compensate for that tomorrow by wearing the pride flag as a cape.
He might get the Superdelegates then.
He's like Grandpa trying to come in and hang out.
It’ll be even funnier when trump dismantles them
How did the DNC get stuck in your toilet?
Surprise mechanics!
And you will always have to be online.
Klobuchar is the most boring person in history! Worse than Hillary, Jesus Christ! Boring as fuck! This move from glasses to contacts has made it worse, boring annoying nasaly voice. Yeah that’ll intimidate the Iranians...
yeah hes by far the most moderate. Problem is Crazy Sells. Wait for it, hes probably got something good cookin
All about the $$$
they know, they do not give two fucks
The would be Bill De Blasio
#?????????
Who said this and what point in the debate?
Very fun and scary to watch
LOL
They’re the best the Dems have to offer
Got a link Pede?
Where’s a link to that?
Yet says we should not have left it.
I can’t wait for the actual nominee to debate Trump.
He needs to hit the facts, can't have open borders and free money for all, no laws against entering illegally is an incentive for more immigration, it will lower wages.  Medicare will be bankrupt, quality of care suffer and taxes will blow up.  The wealthy will flee and corporations will relocate headquarters if taxes are jacked to 70%.
Is this just fantasy
lol i remember this guy losing his shit doing this shtick in the last election.  he was flipping states blue like a damn madman!
The DNC has likely chosen their candidate already.  This is all theater.
Nothing is a guarantee. Get out and vote with your friends and family.
Lol
Net neutrality got me
Net Neutrality killed me a long time ago.
We all know Hillary is playing a drinking game to this debate, and is doing so in the control room
Remember the Obamacare website rollout dont you? Rolled to a stop is where it rolled.
Thanks to President Trump they won't. SCOTUS will defend our Constitution and the rights it protects.
it's simple, one HONK, followed by another HONK
143U2.
CPS is doing such a great job already right?
and here I thought he was one who might have had enough sense....just flushed it down the toilet.
Very telling for both the fake news and the Dims
No collusion! No obstruction!
Battlefield weapons ain't semi-automatic, clowns!
There aren't even any people there at the event.  Yet they purport to represent the people.  Bullshit.
They wanna control and regulate any aspect possible
He can’t and they won’t ask lol
Smoke signals to cover her exploitive past
Clowns are often delusional. Dont speak too loudly or with logic you may melt the snowflakes
I'm pretty sure their air time is based on their poll numbers.
I like cats

Pocahontas, not so much
She can't even energize my boner
Infowars dot com
Has the most common sense of everyone on stage
Careful, she'll cut you.
Go to Miami and buy a house on a beach. You will get a 30 year Mortgage. Your homeowners insurance for flooding will not be too different than someone living on a random river in the “rust belt.” Weird huh?
Super scary.
Stop.  She is fucking nuts too.
Delaney seems pretty reasonable
She wants us to go back into the Iran deal. How is she sane?
Not to mention the spontaneous self-combustion fires.
Pffft. These people aren't interested in facts!
2°C = 35.6° F
buuut, he's a furry!
Every damn company in the fortune 500 were tripping over themselves to change their logos to rainbow colors and send out emails about 'tolerance'. Oppressed my ass!
trans-child is a satanic concept
Illegal aliens? They just think they're American.
He is!? I thought he was Mr. Potato Head in a suit!
He's the real hero lol
Boring!
Running this in Miami was no accident.  They are desperate to get back Florida.
Young people being groomed as another bought and paid career politician to get pushed in as President once the deep state regains control.
Patronizing. It's called patronizing.
Trans blacks
Answers, my fellow comrades
He's the only one with a black son. He let's us know it. I wonder how his son feels about being used for a quick political boost or at least cheap applause.
So there I was with my gay latino african american trans son as he was being lynched, Necesitamos actuar ahora y prometo darles tacos, ciudadanía, la presidencia y una mamada gratis.
The red pill isn't a threat. Look at how much info comes out of this sub, it illuminates 10 times more than any other.
It's election season, TD is redpilling too many person. A ban is coming soon.
how about ww2?  I guess it's ok if it's just us using them according to her?
She doesn't read things like books about things like the Cuban missile crisis.
"dim bulb"!!! Cheers for that one, saving that for later!
He fucking said it!!!

🤡
Couldn't believe it took them so long.
All the spanish speakers checked out during the technical difficulties.
that's the full scope of actual Democratic support for Mexican immigrants. Let them in illegally, sign a bill for them to vote, then let them rot in the streets and prisons.
This is the shitstorm prophet Lahney foretold!
other troglodytes.
Potential ones!
Making Democrats look bad is a crime.
Yep. Pretty much the entire debate in a nutshell.
Scott Adams nailed him earlier:

[https://twitter.com/ScottAdamsSays/status/1144058255485722624](https://twitter.com/ScottAdamsSays/status/1144058255485722624)
It’s been fun!
And they are moving to Florida to save their money
He’s straying too far from the talking points—time to shut him up
EL KEK
She just read off a whole word soup of buzz words.
He had to spit something out in Spanish
I think he meant Mole
LOL.....I just got home!!  I knew I would miss something dammit!!
LOL
Smoke signals?
Brett B mocked the Spanish speaking lolol
Her foreign policy is ok but her economics are crazy Bernie land bullshit.
Yes!  

The country could survive a Tulsi presidency. Any of the others would drive it into the ground.
All you have to do is hand her your "weapons of war" (any scary black rifle), and she'll take care of you. She's tyrant wannabe just like the rest
She's just another Obama, never trust a fucking word any politicians say
# Obvious Jeb! clown is obvious!
Too white and/or penisey.
If she speaks Cherokee I'll vote for her

^^not really
Lmao bet she says one word in Spanish and calls it a day.
LOL
Agreed this is better than the circus
He sounds the most sane out of all of them.
We must believe all women
It's not too late for Cory to become a woman.
Based username is based.
I'm here for the beer... Democrats said they were paying or did they lie again?
REPEHRATIONS IS A YOOMAN RIGHT
But you are free are work in the paddy fields to pay for the illegals, they need to eat.  If you don't like it....
Roberto Francisco Orourquez?
Rééé
Honk
kek
Eat my shorts, commies!
ay dios mio!
(he won't)
pocket pool
Because reddit-stream doesn't work with quarantined subreddits.  Fuck reddit so hard.
the self-declared "party of women"
more white guilt than at a mime assassin self help group
She's probably got the sensibility to understand that there is no gender pay gap.  
  
She got the opening statement they weren't given and avoided a toxic question. Smart cookie.
OMG they're all trying to do it! Lol
You could always wait for the highlight memes later tonight/tomorrow.
Put on your local NBC affiliate just so you feel better. That’s what I’m doing
you should watch it occasionally.  know thy enemy.
Shhhhhhhhh. We won’t say anything
Same. I honestly think they are worse than CNN if that's even possible.
clownworld

infowars
💩 hey, I’m smarter
Beta the dork.
He’s Irish!
It is Washington...
Fauxcahontas is propped up, change my mind
Big corporations big corporations big corporations.
Just like that a meme is born
Wait... I've seen this one before.
There's no such thing as a government program that shrinks in size.
She has to avoid every question because the dems are so freaking retarded.
No one has a chance.
R c on spir ac y is a weird shill camp for her. Totally contrived.
there are actual transsexuals born with both organs, so sometimes it can be considered a birth defect.
roasties cheering
Yes, and you should pay for those fake abortions you monster.
First part of condoning an act is to frame it as moral.
That'll be $2,000.
Was he asking a question? I thought he was auditioning for a part in a TV show
System works.
walls save lives
Yes.
oh no, it IS cringeworthy
And Warren
“Pandero”
El Democrat
Beta males get slapped around
Because he's an irish white speaking spanish on the identity politics stage
>Some are bringing ~~rented~~ kidnapped kids with them
They want the Spanish speaking vote! They already have the liberal white english speaking vote!
Shittiest debate I've ever seen in my life. I worry for the future of America. Not your grandfather's country for sure.
Shes not in favor of wars...so....
Cause she's fringe. No one cares. Her 2 answers were cringe too. Socialist tard.
Yes, he will not deserve a nickname.
All I see is them bent over with their pants down
I hope you're right
She’s a warlock.
Going for the Cruella de Vil look, I guess...
Ravin’ Bill
I guess we should bomb most of Europe back to the stone age and sanction the fuck out of them in the meantime if that is your criteria for taking aggressive action towards a country

https://pics.me.me/iran-wants-war-turkmenistan-mashhad-afghanis-iran-arabia-look-how-13896038.png
Gaydow
Who is Jason Briggs for 500 Alex
Not true. Beto says Gabbard's 70 cent gas tax goes too far, and Bernie says Buttplug's 70 cent gas tax doesn't go too far enough. The differences are subtle, you just have to look for them.
Moderators are by definition supposed to be neutral and the one guy was practically fucking crying when he was asking about immigration questions.
Which is why tonight's debate above all things is...BORING...sleepy
Cmmmmoooonnnnnn Warren!
Never let a crises go to waste
Keep your hands off my Assault Muskets!
They should borrow CNN's house eunuch, Brian Stelter (Brianna??) to kick up the estrogen levels to 11.
Better cut to a break to avoid anything slipping out
She needs to smoke more peace pipe
She’s so frail. Don’t want her repressing me in meetings with Putin and Kim and other leaders
I want to see an actual clown become the Democratic frontrunner. Bozo?
They framed him as a desperate asylum seeker whose asylum request got denied via the proper channels. He was not an asylum seeker. He was an economic migrant, even his mother admitted it. [Boston Globe](https://www.bostonglobe.com/news/nation/2019/06/26/here-story-behind-horrific-photo-man-and-toddler-drowning-border/GdG1TRH99pURcdRdJujJhL/story.html)

So he's got a choice to work in El Salvador but instead chose to make the border crossing and hence its Drumpfs fault again.

These fucking Demoshits are always about feelings, not facts.
lol yeah the "dad" took his "daughter" on a dangerous "mission" but its trumps fault..... yeah ok
Hahaahaha unbelievable
And on parkland question too
I heard something about “can’t find my binder”
Just going to say it
Banning guns is emotionally correct, so to heck with facts and data.
He's like "Jenny from the block."
ROFL
She cuts her hair with a tomahawk
Even odds on campaigning finally making her snap, and she pulls a shaved-head Britney routine...
Julián Castro is an American Democratic politician who was the youngest member of President Obama's Cabinet, serving as the 16th United States Secretary of Housing and Urban Development from 2014 to 2017. Castro served as the mayor of his native San Antonio, Texas from 2009 until he joined Obama's cabinet in 2014. Wikipedia
He sucks duck for money
Spend other people's money until it runs out, spend spend spend!
DO YOU MEAN ROBERT FRANCIS O'ROURKE ???
Dont forget not only can the confiscate your guns but the can search your house just in case you have anything else "hidden".
That's probably why she went butch
Lmfao
she poked herself in the eye with a comb, while eating a salad
No but their bodyguards carry.
but did the extremely deadly assault weapons undergo a metal health exam?
Jabroni - strong. Kek
KEK
LMAO! :D
Sounds like they could benefit from some diversity.
California is burning...they’re blaming climate change...apparently to leftists climate change = accidental arson
Better sleep with one eye open
If the sun wants to heat up the earth there is nothing we can do about it.
Because he married an heiress to buy his political career?
Kek!
Turtles can swim?
En Espanol por favor.
Minorities and white people who pretend to champion them are the entire Democrat party
makes sense

the problem is that it will be designed so that you can only afford a micro-apartment and it will be impossible to find a job
I’m also gonna claim I’m foreign and reap hella benefits
^ This
It comes from the rich people.. Duh
Imagine if they actually did everything they days. Take guns, government health care, cap and trade, taxes on the highest earners.
Aaaaand you are right.
Maybe they'll ask her about Syria too.
There was a fetus crawling on her assistant's head! Amy had to get it off!
Pretty much a weak version of Obama haha
Cory:  I'm an Obama wanna be...please vote for me.
[removed]
Maybe the swollen hands were the friends we made along the way
mom or the \*clump of cells (according to Dems)
That's what I was wondering!
Waiting for someone to declare climate change == genocide.
i kinda feel bad for his kid, sounds like hes just a prop
Twenty bucks on that guy from Washington State.
The polling & donation ante goes up every round. The majority will be eliminated from the running by October.
No comprende
Who?
I started going gray at 26.
Being around dumbocrats will do that
Oooof
Rightfully so.
He should be playing the pipes at this funeral of a debate
I bet they're jizzing all over the house
Are they trying to convince themselves that these candidates aren't a trainwreck?
Dem \#2: "Orange Man *Very* Bad!"
Western society is in decline.
Well yeah, there are literal baby play rooms in colleges now.  With colorful foam floors,Legos, crayons and coloring books, balls, and juice boxes and cookies. It's so the students can "safely decompress," or some shit.
“I can’t believe I’m the only one up here talking about this...”
this feels like the VP shortlist debate.

tomorrow are all the POTUS nom contenders for dems like pedo joe, bernie the cuck, cum-allah, and buttigieg.
He’s in the wrong party. Most everyone else in Youngstown, Canton, Akron has figured it out.
Being woke isn't about understanding.  It's about feeling.  How does hearing Spanish make you *feeel*
No, she has always been an unhinged cunt.
Don't forget Barney Sandals.
I believe he's on stage tomorrow night, which promises to be far stupider than tonight was.
Where is Buttplug? Coincidence???
She's got  Bette Davis eyes:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EPOIS5taqA8

Or is it Betty after all??  :D
Biden and Bernie, two old white guys *REEEEEEEEE*


Who will speak Spanish to the Mexicans? *REEEEEEEE!*
Puts are best used to insure.  Those 'bets' never seem to work as hoped.
Financial markets love Trump. Both his policies and the ability to buy his tweet dips
We'll be sure to send them the bill.
An actual Democrat, not a commie in Democrat clothing like most of em
I like him and Gabbard TBH. He has very well thought out plans for his proposals, even though I disagree with his ideology. The whole not being a scripted robot thing helps too.
That is actually a brilliant idea.  Draw attention to this quarantine situation.
Swallows well says ban guns for thousandth time lol
Orange man bad amazing amirite ?
Orange man super very bad, and that's my plan for America
We got our first meme of the night
Beto speaking in Spanish
"What is the biggest geopolitical threat to the United States?"

"Donald Trump."
Tim Ryan is the only one pretending to be a moderate
Complete shit show. As expected.
Everyone is speaking Spanish lmao.

Booker and Beto trying to out tool each other hard.
Castro referred to as the only latino candidate while Robert cries in the corner.
nope
🌶️
Yes! >\_\_<
Like "I'm going to get me a beer" Fauxcahontas Warren?
Hot sauce in every pocket
That would be so fun to watch.
Woop woop
I heard it also
If you look closely, Spartacus eyes drift slowly farther in opposite directions.
Ya think? 😂
Beto be panderinf
BARACK IS PRESIDENT STANLEY!!!
He’ll make all your wildest dreams come true
They be legalizing weed yo gains down hard
He definitely molded his speaking technique off of Obama. Nearly identical.
Aw, man. Her hair is the only thing I like!
Lmao I died when I saw that face. Even he couldn't believe it!
I legit spit out my drink
They’re not. They earn less on average because they choose to work less. (Motherhood, less OT, entrepreneurship - all of which is fine and good.)
They aren't paid less.
Dems use a phony statistic whereby the average salary of all females in the workforce is calculated and compare that to the average salary of all males in the workforce to say women are paid less than men. However, the calculations do NOT take into account the actual jobs performed. It's just a fact that there are more females in jobs that pay less (ie, elementary school teachers, nurses, paralegals) so that makes the average salary of "women in the workforce" come out lower than the average salary of "men in the workforce." 
If you actually look at job + years v. job + years, there isn't a disparity based on sex (i.e., female attorney with 5 years experience v. male attorney with 5 years experience or female engineer with 10 years v. male engineer with 10 years, etc.)
If women were paid less for equal work there would be no men employed. It’s nonsense
You looking for the real explanation or the marxist explanation?
That's because it's a lie. You're welcome. p.s. I'm a woman so I'm allowed to say this.
Halo effect
Same economic policies as Bernie. Just another person who'd end this country in less then one presidential term
Where my gibs at????
Democratic primary in a nutshell this election.
It's coming, just hold on...
Playing devil's advocate when I say there are a lot of morons in those CEO positions
While maybe multiplier is excessive in some cases any rational person would expect a CEO of a global billion dollar company to significantly more than the employee who just has one of the most least skilled jobs of the company. 

If the board of any company finds it's ok to pay the CEO or any high level executive a salary that is in the 7 or 8 figure range then that is something they can do. If it's a private company we have no right to say how much any of their employees should get paid. If it's a public then the share holders will make their voices heard and executive pay can get adjusted based off of performance.
Speak and you shall be heard
They have to look fair at least.
They all are lol
Yeah I noticed that
You know, make an anti gravity train that will run to Europe and Hawaii so we can lose the airplanes and ships.
Beto: Puedo sentir las pesas que salen de mi cuerpo escuchando esto.
She's their real candidate, Feely Joe is just there to absorb the damage from the massive field.
We do alright even with this ridiculous bullshit.
You know it. I know it. Everybody knows it.
fuck yeah! kayleigh's tweet sounds like a trump tweet

she is missing a **SAD** at the end though.
He’ll correct the record.
Free shit sounds awesome! Let’s vote for him!
It will make a good drinking game
Voice of nightmares
The more people who drive cars will drive down the insurance.

**we need fewer cars on the road**
Scar or birthmark can cause silver hair like that. I have a friend who has hair like that. I think it looks neat.
Are you ok?
He has brain damage.  He can’t help it.
Can't stand ol Corey but the way he was looking at Beto when he was speaking fuckin Spanish was hilarious.
It's a transgender abortion you bigot.
LOL
This is minor league. Wait until you see the battle between Bernie and Biden.
I'm waiting for tmrw, I want to see how Andrew Yang handles the debate.
Dats raycis
Its unbearable. I can hardly stand it.
laughing.
Of Mexico.
It's all about how those words make them *feel*
ORANGE MAN MAL
Fuckin A
He's grasping at Hispanic straws.
Holy fuck if you want to run for democratic nominee you need to learn spanish.


Crowd just hears literally any candidate breath they want to start calpping, without knowing wtf over.
El comentario es muy correcto
Giant jo de Kao Nee Hau
They're using children to score political points. It only became an issue because Trump is so successful and likeable they turn things they don't care about into issues.
Oh, that's A-Ok because they can do no wrong as special wonderful humans
Take him out!!
INFOWARS LIVESTREAM: www.clownworld.us
And California back to red? What a twist! It could happen
She needs some spanish. She's loosing badly without spanish.
¡Si!
It's fucking confusing in the first place. They're idiots.
Not the Momma!
But they DO understand.  They just don't want the average citizen to understand
that's 85k / month 

at that rate over 5 yrs its 5.1mill , a very big increase.
Pandering
Tomorrow.  These guys are the warm-up act.
Round 2 is tomorrow
Tomorrow. I’m looking forward to seeing him and Bernie.
I think he's on tomorrow night with Bernie.
In tomorrow's debate. Shit show part deux.
Spicy!
We all need to laugh at someone sometimes
NO 

NOPE

NONE
Yeah, transwomen who need abortions was a hot topic for a bit.
Not a fucking word!
Yeah, his eyes always look like he's strangling someone.
Good thing it isn’t cause he’d be in jail
Brilliant!
They said it was random.
"randomly" split up, but Donna Brazille flipped the coin in a room by herself
If it's the low support tier, I think it's HILARIOUS that Faux-cahontas, Retard-acus, and Beta are all together
What would the other tier be?
agree

that was scary

him & Kate Brown look related
Loves the meth.
His friend T-Bone hooked him up.
“I was in the military.”
Out of all those dim and flickering lights, hers is brightest.
Once you pay the Dane his demanded danegeld, it's impossible to get rid of the Dane.
i like long walks on the beach
#EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
It's Wednesday.  I don't drink during the week.  

(Usually)

I had some wine left over from this past weekend.

That's enough.

....BUT TOMORROW...Crowder has a live stream showcasing the next episode of dem debates...

praise kek I may get a 12 pack.

Pray for me Friday going into work.
lmao best comment of the night, as I wait everyday for Halo on PC
Yeah, totally

https://pics.me.me/iran-wants-war-turkmenistan-mashhad-afghanis-iran-arabia-look-how-13896038.png
Corruption and ballot stuffing
Must we remind you that many thousands of deceased individuals vote them into office ?
low IQ
It's like we dont have the mightiest military on earth.
And Booker. Tha fuck 🤨
So you won’t notice him pissing himself
She’s got an authoritarian streak a mile wide
Can’t even get their shit together. You heard one of the previous moderators laughing at them.
Can they even mic bro?!?
Still makes me want to puke.
Democrats
Democrats
Tists
Retai
A warren of bookers
Fuck that, we don't want them!
wHeRe'S mUeLLeR?!?! *reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!*
she's supposed to be the golden child tonight and she's getting cucked by everyone. She's not crying for guns, but for her chances.
NJ ass fuck3d all legal gun owners and it's getting worse. Gun control is all bullshit.
Same😎
Bookers lazy eye looks dope in high def
both ways
I see panderers and virtue signalers, but not a shred of leadership capability. 

The question to ask is, how would any of these people fare against someone like Vladmir Putin? He would wipe the floor with these weaklings. That's not how I want my country's foreign policy to be handled.
They want to take all of the guns because that's how the government can essentially run unchecked.
victimhood by delivery
4 da childrenzzzz
We all knew it was going to be a virtue signal competition from the beginning.  The free stuff was going to be second.
He's itching to stand on the moderators desk.
Democrats indoctrination
That's my girlfriend's nickname for my pecker.
The deciders have decided that Delaney is out.
There will be plenty of memes tomorrow.  Sleep tight fellow pede.
It’s seriously tragic
The second from the left has some reasonable ideas, but they don't give a shit when he raises his hand.
Let's ask Senator Warren her opinion on that. Senator Warren, it's been alleged that we're playing favorites. Do you have a plan for dealing with this when NBC elects you President?
This is why they’ll work hard to keep his message out of the headlines
Why didn’t he say it in spanish tho?
And two and three 🙄
1 2 AND 3
Tim Lyin is a faggot.  He never comes home to talk to us Ohioans about our concerns and his inaction until he needs to harvest votes from his black slaves.
He looks like a district manager for circuit city
It’s hard to imagine he gives anyone pleasure, don’t give dildos a bad name! 😆
San WHHHHHAN
10 Fathoms Deeper!
iM nOt RaCiSt BeCaUsE i HaVe BlAcK fRiEnDs!!!
Mama put my carbon in the ground

I can't use them any more
Godzilla is the defense plan. Ghidorah is the threat.
quarantined!
🤡 Show
*over the age of 18, unlike Democrats.
Virtue siignalling bingo.
You didn’t hear about what happened to Jussie????
KEK

Hahahahaha
Buttigieg's husband will not let Booker and Buttigieg be the only two people in a room together.
These fake accents are the most insulting thing in a sea of insults. These people are just plain pandering!
it takes a lot of energy to be perpetually miserable
He is slow
Malo hombre anaranjado
Cory cannot count. Please forgive him =/
Military M4s arent fully automatic though. Theyre semi with a 3 round burst option thats rarely if ever used.
Q: Sir, *how* would you do it?


A: allow me to tell you about a random painting I saw once....
He reminds me too much of Jeb, Trump would annihilate him in a debate
I had one last week! It's back already atleast in Colorado.
It's already there my dude and it's delicious
Half
It's all the cocaine they did in the green room. They are in Miami...
These candidates are so fucked up they make Obama look good
He actually did really good at the end by pointing out that Trump/Russia isn't a big issue as the media paints.  

Kinda threw Maddow off guard.
Ryan seems like he has some common sense
I bet you 2 buffalo!
Lmao
Exactly. Fuckin' libtard pricks divide us, then they cry we're being divided!
Hes my congressman and I dont mind him honestly
Top trash is still just trash
lol, fuck klobashar
Kek
You touch his belly he falls on his ass.
Well.. I mean her education was only 50 bucks what do you expect?
Just wait for tomorrow. Let's see if Reddit can shut down T\_D by then.
On the main stage.
TAKE A SHOT
Makes as much sense as "we want everyone paid a minimum of $15/hour and we also want open borders so we have millions more competing for those jobs."
She's trying very hard to be relatable
ReLatAbLe
Goes against the plan.
Warren talked about it in the 90’s with her book about the family, but she’s since changed her tune
Seriously? Erosion of the nuclear family is essential to socialism Marxism and communism.
Jews are trying to destroy the family unit, is it so much fun to be a guy who mutilates himself and leaves an open wound, or a white single mother after a black father "goes to the gas station"
Because commies

https://www.marxists.org/archive/kollonta/1920/communism-family.htm
Trannies can be pregnant.
More like Swiper
She's the only one that didn't promise more war and death. To be fair you'd be eating garbage on the street but and might wish it.

&#x200B;

NPCs are getting their latest upload as you read this, -->" Tulsi immature and naive. Pokahantas maximum leadership material"
Too bad she is a Marxist stooge. Her anti-war, anti-regime change message is on point but the rest is disgusting.
This is still “The_Donald” at least for tonight, right?
She honestly performed the worst imo. She sounded like a robotic npc. Drudge just has libertarians on the site
She should go back to Hawaii and fuck off
In Hawaii? Good luck.
>Tulsi should switch panties  
  
and give them to me
Her Headdress
Both parties see a problem but the difference is the solution they come to. Trump wants to de-regulate and increase price transparency, Dems want to socialize medicine
This made me laugh more than it should have
So do my American children
THINK.  OF.  THE.  CHILDREN.
I'm not sure, you'd have to ask an illegal immigrant or gang member
Without a driver's license? No idea
Corey Bookers neighborhood, appearently.
New Hampshire, Vermont, Missouri, and [every state which is green in this map](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Constitutional_carry#/media/File:Concealed_carry_across_USA_by_county.svg)

Edit: In fact, in some of the dark blue (on that map) states you can buy a gun without a license, such as Ohio. Green means that additionally, you don't need a license to concealed carry.
I didn't need one in NV, but they did do a background check.
Did he mean a specific GUN license?  His answer was confusing.
Jeb isn’t running this time.
Lesbian.
reddit is fun
Use old.reddit.com

https://old.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/c5ysh4/watch_party_2020_democrat_party_primary_debate/es4xxtm/?context=
And be dead in 10 minutes.
So moderate!
We’ve got Spartacus too. That’s gotta be worth a chuckle at some point tonight.
We'll see. The 0% nutbags are on tonight trying to make headlines.
Ah, but the upstarts will want to raise their profile. Don't speak too soon!
Closest they’ll get to the real thing!
DNC committee member moderator will now question fellow members in a “debate.”
It is showing on [Steamfare.com](https://Steamfare.com). Not on the other links, that I can see.
Dead in 3....2....1.....
her and Warren bring back bad memories of shrill 3rd grade teachers
Got a big rack though holy. Saw it earlier.
Can't spell free without ree
In Spanish!!!!
Now, Beto may only be the second person to speak but I would put dollars to donuts we've seen nuttin yet.
No
It may be the only chance some of them have for anyone to even know who they are lol
That rant en espanol was so contrived
beto, yes, no, or pass... que? no hablo espanol
He's on tomorrow
Tomorrow
Check the local elementary school volleyball court.
her political ideology is strange. very third party-ish.

hell her family and religious group is defined as a 'cult' because they are anti-LGBT.
Free kimbergarten
Me too!
#FREE FREE FREE FREE
She didn’t answer the question, I think she froze and just rambled off her elevator pitch
She’s just hot, it’s skewing your perception.
Meanwhile no one mentions her extreme socialist economic policies, practically female Bernie
And unfortunately for them they'll either push Biden, Harris, or Warren.
Tulsi has no personality
Aaaaay 🇨🇳🇨🇳🇨🇳
In the 30s those nasty capitalists had too much money.  Looks like the Left is still singing the same old tune today.
LOL
(Enjoys being shocked by gay people.)
yeah
Remember Obama's "Green Jobs"? LMAO
The same reason she's in the center of the stage
If they knew what they were talking about, they wouldn't be at the Democrat primary.
Exactly. They’ve got the DJT playbook and they’re lying out their asses.
YUP.

interesting the politics sub is pushing warren above all else...

But that's none of my business.
Got a link?
Clownworld.us
BILL DE BLASIO IS A PEDOPHILE HIS SISTER GOT CAUGHT WITH CP WTF

www.clownworld.us || INFOWARS Live stream, covering the debate now.
OK!
He was called a congressman lol
He even bungled his boiler plate speech in Spanish.
Studied his cock.
Obama studies is probably an entire major now.
same, obamo care is what drove up the high deductibles to pay for those that don't have money
Literally the first thing you learn in economics lol
Of course they do, it's just another means to taking control and enacting tyranny
But every person willing to vote for a dimocrat is too stupid to understand that .... and these assholes know that too, so they keep promising "free" stuff.
Didn’t watch the Kavanaugh spectacle?
I bet it's adderall, to be completely honest.
Trail of stutters
EVERYONE I REPRESENT IS POOR AS SHIT AND STRUGGLING!  VOTE FOR ME!
iNSURANCE COMPANIES OWE ME 1/1024TH OFF MY PREMIUMS
Bill Clinton method
Made famous by bill clinton is a rapist.
pointing is a microaggression

would be too traumatizing for the cat ladies in the audience
It's so repugnant that they are CHEERING killing defenseless unborn children.
I’d love it if she’d name a couple explicitly. Like, say, Google.
This one is actually a real big deal. Doctors were bribed. Studies were falsified. People need to go to jail.
You mean especially if you're a woman with a penis 😂
Tulsi Gabbard does, but that’s it.
Tulsi was in the Army
i'm laugh-crying
I don’t understand this but I'm moist.

-democrats, probably
He's not wrong.
saturday night live couldn't make a better skit...even with the original  cast
Mashes keypad
Yes.
NIET.
F

he can build a house in heaven now
Lol. Nope. Too fucking funny.
Soy gringo! Bwahaha
Robert needs to fucking speak english
Wait seriously?
They can't because they only learned one phrase in Spanish before going into the debate stage.
That is what the effect of eliminating our borders would create. That was the unspoken yet supported position, eliminate our borders.
I can't wait.
Very Xenophobic!
LMAO
I’m gonna need a fact check Evan.
I want to see proof of that bs.
**K**
Lmao
Es obvio que ningunos hablan con fluidez
KEK
...Yes.
That really gets people on their side I bet
It seems like every candidate has to take a shot a Trump + offer free stuff + say something random in Spanish
most undertated comment of the night right here
That was the stupidest shit. Put the American people first and by first I mean behind Iran
It's crazy- just look how bad Iran is giving us the dick right now https://pics.me.me/iran-wants-war-turkmenistan-mashhad-afghanis-iran-arabia-look-how-13896038.png
Mfw when liberal shills cite polls

😀👌
Playing Kid Rock 'American Badass'
She may need a beer
those are Manson eyes
Next Question....
THESE PEOPLE ARE STUPID.
Tweet: "I don't agree with the candidates"

*(one minute later)*

Your tweet has been removed because it violates these Twitter Terms of Service:

* Advocating violence
* Hate speech
* Doxxing
Sort by new
Was it the stuff about samantha powers? Idk
One of them is an angry woman. Or a mentally damaged bird.

Jury is still out.
X2
Also you can donate 2600 to each candidate....then they pool it at the end
Richard Mancow
Alex Jones says it Richard Maddow, whoever that is.
Mark Serbu has a gun for you.
That's the ultimate weapons of war....M38 and couple of Fins can take on the whole red army. And win
If you like your gunsmith, you can keep your gunsmith.
We can have gun funeral friday fam
Tell me about da’ boom boom room Corey!
He's so street I can hear theme music every time he talks.
Eyes bulging, very disrespectful
Tornado drills too.
Hispanasian
Creepy and he brought up snot in a Presidential Debate.
Face hurts from cringing
It’s a clown show, as expected. 

They’re just virtue signaling and pandering.
That's why they speak in Spanish. lol, Get those California and Florida votes.
They’ll never win over one exit south of a city.
if 17 year olds made all our decisions it would be the best thing that ever happened!
These are low level employees. Their handlers do.
Yes.
Top kek thinking right here...
Lmao 😂
Yes!
So you're saying there's a chance.
Cannibal tremors
Castro:  I'm Latino vote for me.

Beto:  I'm also Latino.

Klobuchar: I cried first.
Have you seen the burning towns??
they will give it to a bunch of somalis
#NO SHARK IS ILLEGAL#
Most likely they all knew the questions ahead of time, that's standard practice for them.
Exactly
If she believes it enough it becomes true.
Amazing how she took her prejudicial views and simply blamed it on a conservative upbringing.
Because she knows what it does to me.
She going for that gay vote
People are dying on my street right now!
You don't think that baby died because of that womans big ass hands?
Russia hacked my language processor!  Muy bien gracias!
He allowed illegals to come in through El Paso, it's on Project Veritas. They mentioned taking them up to our State, but Missourians know... They better back the f*ck up.
It's all they have
LOUD NOISES!
Nah that’s Delaney
NOM NOM
Record low black & hispanic unemployment is a threat to them!
screencap that shit! it sounds like they're handing out free premium ammunition!
For some reason I feel like he should be fed a carrot.
Seriously. None of these fools would work a fraction of how hard President Trump works.
Yang is the only sane person in that group
Metaphorically speaking of course.
With a club
I cant stand that SOB
I know. They don't even talk about them with hope. They talk about them like they're fucking homeless. Sick rhetoric man.
To be fair, she is polling the highest. It was pretty much like they stuck her at the children's table tonight.
Did not know that
No. They have to edit out the embarrassing parts - that's why the replays on youtube are only 5 min long
They complained about white men, too.
Nailed it. Also Trump bad
One of them ( ohio?) said Dems have to stop being coastal elitists and start appealing to the working class, didn't hear much clapping for that idea
Because it's like a comedy hour at some shit hole SJW college bar.

Nothing but ridiculous bullshit has coem out of their mouths.
I wish the GOPChairwoman would keep reminder her uncle Mittens or whatever he is to her, he's a fucking carpet bagging bitch
He should be up on stage with his pants down with a line of choice-colored men ready to plant seeds.
wish he would have doubled down and started every response with a few sentences of Spanish for pandering consistency
Because your country doesn't belong to you anymore.
I like beer!
I like beer.
#TOP KEK
From the people I chatted with on other forums the Dems hate her, and think she is a republican agent in disguise.
No deals.
yet- the media will be surprised, and there will be reeeing pasted on all social media outlets
Doesnt matter, we can not let down. We have to push push push until 2020!
you  could probably fit them all on a greyhound bus
She just killed Tim Ryan's candidacy
She's too smart for her own party
Remember to use the correct unguents and oils to calm the machine spirit, and call your local Inquisitor in case of heresy or socialism.
Dont give them views.

&#x200B;

[www.clownworld.us](https://www.clownworld.us) || INFOWARS Live stream, covering the debate now.
turn off adblock in order to work btw
Well we did elect someone named HUSSEIN
He doesn't. This is about raising $ to enrich himself and his "consultants"
Buttboy? Swallows?
Gibs gibs gibs
GEOTUS has more important things to do than watch these losers.
cause they're lying
Because they know they all have the same shitty plan and they know Trump will smear their faces in it.
They have TDS.   They all live in a permamanent state of literally shaking.
Alcoholism.
Same and my family's from Minnesota.
Mama, can I have cookie?
No doubt they do
There's fewer people in my city.
Link pls
Alex Jones is a god damned national treasure
Surprised they aren’t speaking through mediums for the dead people who always vote for them
Muslim Brotherhood is popular in Iran, and also in the Democratic House.  Also Obama is good friends with them. ** also Khashoggi was Muslim Brotherhood interfering in KSA politics before he was killed.
Explain to me how it is suicidal to stay out of another "stupid war"
The MSM already has the "Warren won debate" stories ready.
Shimmying up that totem pole for her closeup
We expect nothing less.
4legsgood
Etc
Etc
Etc
Ahh... But who can lie the best? The media will pick a winner either way, they are the leader of the establishment Washington swamp
She's just staring lol
Well, she's a Democrat, so...
It’s the bed head
Yes!
I’m so excited
All bots were put in the gas chamber during our quarantine...
All bots have been suspended. :(
at first i thought he was quoting some latin text
Already passed in some states
Bwahahahaha! Good times.
That’s why trump won. He runs them.
they're just words. just gotta say what'll get you the most votes for these hoards of candidates. No follow through expected.
I can translate for you: He said he was an idiot that wants to raise taxes.
I don't like her politics, but she is the least hideous Dim female
You’re very lonely lol
Tulsi takes the torch from iJeb!
The joys of globalism where the ultra wealthy can rape and pillage their country and live somewhere else.
Yeah.  I don't know much about him.  He just LOOKS like a weak bitch.
Yeah an award for bankrupting the country by forcing him to give loans to people who couldn’t pay them back. Good job dipshit
I get a raise every year. Biggest raises have been when I've switched jobs.
It's undoubtedly a lie. If you've been working that long and haven't gotten a raise, you need to get a new job and stop being a loser.
He’s racist!
Well, she's getting most of the air time plus she's pretending to glom onto Trump's positions.
MSM have picked her as the "winner" of tonight's debate.
The more people they support, the more wealth they can try to justify sapping and the more votes they buy.
They want her to take on Biden.
Autistic nipples protruding, very disrespectful
He looked so lost
Beta Beto
So empty and replace Congress lol
Nasty Bill
I said the same.

Guy seems sane.
I know right? Finally some sense
Just head to the reddit pregnancy subs where women are losing their child bearing years to UHC waiting lists...
He should be working a used car lot.
Not to mention the dems are directly responsible for the healthcare company profits.
Yes, just varying levels of free stuff ranging from a ton to all the things.
Yes, socialism.
almost, but they don't have the same skin or sex so some are just more right than other ones
stream is smooth btw
We are waiting for Beta to jump on the podium
No one is watching
Damn you, now that's all I'm hearing lol
Are you not entertained?!?
I tried to get a car through a loan but was denied due to bad credit. So I just went back and stole the car I wanted instead.
What??
A
Mole
Amazing.
Boring 😂
Love it
For all the illegal immigrants
giggling
Or take the smugglin money away from the cayotes or cartels
I believe he "paid" his way into becoming eligible.
En Guashingtun dee si’
during the attack on drug companies...how many of them up there accept compaign money from drug companies????
They identify as poor people for the sake of the election
That’s how they got voted in, identity politics
Probably more
Tomorrow will have crazie Bernie!
> dies of alcohol poisoning 5 minutes later
Surprised he didnt call him a gringo
LOL  I noticed that...and DeBlasio is really working hard at grand standing...he knows his numbers are in the basement.
anyone doing well?

anyone on in dumpster fire?

(I refuse to watch)
Beto? Really? I thought he’s been dead in the water since the Vanity Fair front page.
Government mandated pony.  You will have to carry your pony registration card with you at all times.
Reeeeeeeeeeeeee
Why is crime illegal????
They don't look straight.  They are splayed outwards.  Really creepy
They don't have any ideas for that. Sorry, friend.
Easy to say when you’re not bordering with Mexico.
In the war room!
Bit of both. She's got a huge bonus with makeup.
She really isn't. I don't understand what people see in her especially with all that clown makeup on.
I like Tulsi. I don't agree with her politics but she's a decent person.
fake polls fake news
[So uncivilized](https://media.tenor.co/images/7101282b027215f630213be7f38c5893/raw)
Tds affects many parts of the brain
You beat me to it!
Oh great. I can take a quick nap.
We must have common sense assault hurricane control!!
basically we've been sandboxed. none of our content shows outside of TD in /r/all or anywhere outside of TD. you also have to login on mobile to use the site.
I think it means direct link to sub only and banned from mobile.
When a subreddit is quarantined, it's no longer showing up in search or listed on reddit, and users have to be logged in (with registered email), and opt in, to be able to see the content. They also lose all Reddit CSS
People have to jump through a lot of hoops to even visit this place now.  There are warning screens telling you and visually encouraging you to not proceed to this domreddit. We also lost our custom themeing.
As far as I can tell, if you aren't subscribed, you have to enter the subs web address directly into the address bar to get to the subreddit. If I wasn't a subscriber, or didn't know to do this, the subreddit might as well not exist from my point of view. If reddit was a continent, The\_Donald is now an island.
They have a new fucking head loser that tweets right after Trump. Too funny.
You dont know! I dont know! No one knows!
Trump curse
Affirmative action
My President! You know he is loving watching this pack of retards.
Too much 💃
No

“When I was a child”
“When my parents”
Well, that's a great question. I think we should all endeavor to think about committing to research to find the answer.
Well I own guns and for some reason I'm watching this shit... maybe there is a connection.
Almost as big as Little Marco's!
and tired.
Can’t, too busy learning about gay and trans issues
I can only upvote you once but... hahaha yessss
Y'know, that could be a damned amusing tactic - go silent but deadly for the entire debate...
👁 👁
Yes. Happened around 12 PM EST.
This morning
Happened today.
They're all standing on the dead bodies of kids for political points
He's one ugly dude
Background checks are already a thing.
.22 LR man I loved mine, and it was accurate too.
>AR-15s aren't used by nor were they designed by or for any military.

I've seen this said before, but am having a tough time finding a source for it? Do you happen to have one?
Here's the closest they've come:

Booker: "How will you address this?"

Any Candidate: "I have a plan that will address this."

(Applause)

Booker: "What is your plan exactly?"

Candidate: "My plan is to address the issue."

(Applause)
He literally married a black woman so he could use it. Shouldn't be surprising.
**This panel** is dumb as fuck  


FTFY
Didn't you get the memo? Math is now racist.
One moron in the audience lost his mind over that answer.
To be fair, GOP had a couple dozen running in 2015 that were polling at 0%
Power vacuum.
Tulsi is the only mostly sane one out of all the candidates.
None of these people are going to be the nominee.
they are not ready to debate the mad man. He is going to crush them
Did you see trumps post “BORING!”
Amy Klobuchar and Tulsi were the only sane ones.  Beto has some mojo, but lacks brain cells and strategy.
COCAINE MITCH
wow, no plan mentioned lol
Wasn't he the one that set up Hillary with the "CP Time" joke?
You know who else has a black son?  The rapist Bill Clinton
Yeah no one is going to mention lynching for the next ten years.
It's hard pretending to be 11/14ths Mexican
Shhhhhhh
Quiet, you'll ruin the surprise!
YES! I'm overplaying while they're talking, thanks to you hehe
Who's to say she won't destroy them?
It wouldn't have mattered how they performed, she WAS the DNC in 2016.
Disgusting, nipples protruding....
I was screaming yes at him but not in an I agree way in a yeah that's why we did this way
Gay construction workers to build the seamanwall
Especially if it kills us. Remember Americans are a plague on the world, according to them.
And then China will continue to dump waste into the ocean
definitely stop calling it liberal. It's just socialism. And I'm not one of those guys who preaches "classical liberal" stuff, but the word simply doesn't belong when we have presidential candidates spouting the government takeover of major industries along with racial bigotry and the destruction of national identity.
"In one pocket and out the other."  Easy.
im really hoping that andrew yang wipes the floor with the other 9 tomorrow. Tulsi is under-performing tonight.
pander pander pander
They’ll do the same to Yang
I know he is from a community.
I'm the only candidate who had 7 lynchings on his street just this last week.
read where she grew up in a cult in HI
yep, Biden, Buttboy, nasty woman Harris....ugh
The people who they want to so they can cheat
You know he’s Pissed that he was not included
Should be the free space
The free square was FREE SHIT!
Some say it's the prelude to a total ban.
Yes, they can. Not sure how that works though.
It's all I've ever known, having never used shitass reddit on anything besides an android phone before.
Yes, but don't hold your breath for the cuck admins to do it.
ONE WORD ONLY!  NO EXPLANATION
I’m just reading it all here,  I’m with you I can’t watch that drivel.
Yeah it’s annoying af
i use reddit is fun ap and it only had me click one time.
Same!!  If you figure it out let me know. It’s driving me crazy.
I'm using Joey app from the play store. Works like a champ after I accepted the quarantine through the website. If you haven't been using a good reddit app I think you will like it.
Are your cookies on for reddit?  Are you subscribed?  I'm on mobile and saw that page once 8 hours ago.
She was full on Authoritarian mode at center of action for first 30 minutes or so. Then gone
The first hour was the Warren show.
Despite how hard the “moderators” try to throw to her. Maybe she should crack a beer Laughing Out Loud!
His gap tooth is almost as bad as Stacey Abrams'.
He is literally the only candidate who is speaking to the working class, most of the others are straight pandering to the twitnazis (aside from Gabbard but let's be real, she will never even get to sniff the nomination being anti-war)
Yup, their thinking on how to confiscate guns. Sorry not confiscate they will offer to pay LOL
Yes, she's a minority woman.
Hopefully revenge for monkeying with Trump's audio in 2016.
I've been using my Jedi mind tricks but I'm too far away to do more :(
The guarantee of women's "prenatal" care
Yang is in tomorrow's debate
Haha
at a min he should legalize medical country wide
Why would anyone want that after all that time spent training and honing their skills?
Everyone sucks ass
Because she's anti establishment. She could've said she would shit in every child's face and she'd win. It's a more conservative poll.
Tulsi is the only Democrat here with any soul - which is why I’m surprised she’s up. She’d stand a chance against Trump, so I‘m conflicted about her, but by some miracle she’s not a globalist shill like the others.
She roasted that one guy for not knowing the difference between the Taliban and alquida
She is one of the only Dems running that right leaning Independents and Republicans can listen to without wanting to vomit.
[deleted]
What rights dont they have? Same with women...
did that fucker just say trans women should get free abortions...? Should we tell him?
Only 1/1024th of the time.
You won’t get it from the media
Yup. Weirdos
i work in a pharmacy, ive never heard of 2500 different drugs
She's a milf too
I have a tiny crush on Tulsi...full disclosure, I used to be a democrat but I voted for Trump. I go for that older smart look. Don't hate me :)
Hey, if they want to kill their future voters then go for it
Did S America have a world war I didn’t know about?
Shooty shooty bam bam bad!
"never"
who the fuck is delaney?
Always a good measure
You're kind of loose with the word "people". /s
If only they could that many people to a rally
And it's only half!
You misspelled Tulsi Gabbard ;-)
How about we just go with latex and cover all the bases?
So basically make a college degree the same as a high school diploma. Then be shocked when the rich prosper through post graduate degrees. These people are shameless!
I knew I could count on you guys to make me laugh!
KEK
no …. his victim points outweigh his pandering points.
yes
only dem candidate who is a liberal, not a commie-leftist.

she has a LGBT problem because her family right now (and she many years ago) were part of an anti-LGBT group. would fit right in with the religious right on the mainland haha. she had to disavow her own family for that. the left calls her family's religious group a 'cult'.
Too moderate. Too reasonable. Too American!
No way!!!! Hahaha.
Wtf why does he speak socialist!?!?
He’s retarted
It all sounds scripted
Right now there are more jobs than people unemployed.  These guys are trying to gaslight us that the economy isn't good.
so many buggy eyes too

have they never been on TV?
These people are cardboard. It’s because they don’t BELIEVE the shit they are selling.
These people are cardboard. It’s because they don’t BELIEVE the shit they are selling.
He looks psychotic!
Anointed one of round one
I only have so much booze, man. That and I got work tomorrow.
He’s reading the script to see when he comes in
because she has more than 2% in the polls. they let people with more poll % to speak longer.
Fraud
Tons of outside money, and nobody outside of El Paso knew who he was.
All that hand flapping must have given him some lift.
Tulsi ran on a Trump platform and got applause lmao. They're running on lowering drug prices (Trumps platform) and getting applause.
I want to know where his eyebrows are!
Get used to saying that for the next several months
 Who's this guy?  Who's this guy?  Who's this guy?  Who's this guy?  Who's this lady?  Who's this guy?  Who's this lady?  Who's this lady?  Who's this guy?  Who's this guy? 

&#x200B;

FTFY
Well yes in a literal sense.
Womansplaining 😂
He sucks
I’d watch this. Better than any comedy show.
Whack a mole
I tried to listen but I kept getting distracted by that eye that's always focused 10 miles away.
Sounds like an Obama imposter too
Awww shit. Where is Donna Brazile
got denied entry then tried to cross anyways like what
How dare you support personal responsibility? HOW DARE YOU?
[deleted]
Nay
They're all gonna get smoked when they go up against the BIG DOG
Beto lost his base to buttplug. He is finished.
Easy. They wouldn't.
Who’s gonna pay for those drs?
They have to import someone who will vote leftist. It's too hard to make enough natives into losers to win elections.
Ask Bill that too.
Tranny abortions. Women want more money. Everyone speaks Spanish. And we’re discussing if illegal immigrants are illegal
Some funny stuff mate
You're not missing much.
Where to start. Taxpayers need to fund everything. Transwomen need free abortions. If you speak Spanish they ask you questions in Spanish 1st. 9 people in the oppression Olympics and not enough Tulsi.
Circlejerking who can be the most left
He’s the only one I’d be okay with actually becoming president from the left
The government is in for some GREAT cost savings if they ever draft me - mainly because I sexually Identify as an Attack Drone. Ever since I was a boy I dreamed of soaring over the oilfields dropping hot sticky loads on disgusting foreigners. People say to me that a person being an Attack Drone is Impossible and I’m fucking retarded but I don’t care, I’m beautiful. I’m having a plastic surgeon install turboprop blades, 30 mm cannons and AMG-114 Hellfire missiles on my body. From now on I want you guys to call me “Grey Eagle” and respect my right to kill from above and kill needlessly. If you can’t accept me you’re a Robophobe and need to check your vehicle privilege. Thank you for being so understanding.
He got the mic, so his tactic worked
Now your talking!
I think he said they hadn't been change in THREE WEEKS.
I would blame NAFTA, globalization, high taxes, regulations, illegals competing for low wage jobs. Illegals shipping money home, our politicians selling out to the highest bidder, crazy college costs, and many more.
Top Fucking KEK
I’m surprised he’s not running for President
Some peeing noises would have been epic!
Somebody took out a FISA on the debate microphones
NOT BE INFRINGED
Trust me nj is
MA is.
**RED WAVE 2.0 BABY!**
He's either drunk or possessed
I dare you to turn your kids over to Biden
Xanax and beta blockers most likely.
You can't buy back something that was never yours to being with
They’re terrified.
Cali is giving license to illegals
Antifa
Too many beers.
Tomorrow
tomorrow's group i think
he is on tomorrow.
bread line
Waiting for his free soup.
On his second honeymoon in the Soviet Union
The first hour was way better.
It's because they don't actually care about the environment, Dems are deeply invested in solar and wind to line their pockets
How do my neighbors keep voting for him?
Right?! Wtf is going on rn
That's pretty young for being born in 1596 though
Botox
Link
Trained seals
F “those people”
Trump is going to mop the floor with any one of these losers.
Then launder the book money through corporations like in Baltimore 😭
Spot on
Spartacus!!!!
She sounds like she want's to cry.
Adios!
what the hell is goin on with reddit? are they gutting the Donald page???
Tomorrow, I believe.
Biden has already been pre-selected. He doesn't even need to be there.
I agree.  It’s just vomited talking points. They mean nothing.
They talk about it, but their platforms would do just the opposite.
It's disgusting.
Leftist shitshow bingo!             

Go here: http://bingo.saksena.net/bingo                   

Paste this: Goofy Liz talks about Bernie, concentration camps!, OBSTRUCTION, Mueller, someone wants to raise taxes, "top 1%", O'Rourke hits the mic while flailing his arms, Tulsi gets shut down my moderator, "Reparations", Border problem is denied, LGBTQDRSFC, Creepy Joe mentioned, RUSSIA, Tariffs, "Voter suppression", Google mentioned, Cohen mentioned, Idiot Law & Order plagiarist mentioned, Booker talks about Kamala, Skateboards!, someone mentions the fake polls, someone is a slurring stuttering mess, College loans, COLLUSION, Barr, "Popular vote", Marijuana, "Kids in cages" hoax, "Fine people" hoax, Gun grabbing brought up, RACIST, SEXIST, BIGOT, XENOPHOBE, NAZI, X "is a human right", third-trimester & beyond abortions, Stormy Daniels mentioned,              
              
Win!
Life Goes On
Corky had downs! He wasn’t retarded, dude is awesome!
Beto *is* pretty cute, huh? ^/s
“What’s Rand Paul doing up here, he’s polling <1%”
I would LOVE for Trump to run against Warren.
Who, Pocahontas?
LMAO Liz is a joke.
Well, you are talking about the party that thinks Hitler and literal Nazis are in power so they're not exactly "up to date", so to say.
[deleted]
Everybody is all about her because she says ambiguous maybe conservative ideas, but Obama did the same shit. She’s a democrat for a reason. All lies.
Si, no, o paso, for our little Spanish elf
He’s a billionaire that says that with the straight face. And people eat it up
But not him. Even though he is a billionaire. Why doesn’t he abide by his strongly held beliefs and donate it all??? I wonder!
I disagree, this is extremely entertaining.
purple jacket front and center
Warren has entire purple outfit on
this debate needs a gun circle.
DIVE FOR THE KNIFE
Throw in an clump of cells and they'll pull out their own knives.
Dude looks coked out.
That's just because he's running the new emotion.exe program
Come on. A guy no one has ever heard of is going to do what President Trump cannot do with healthcare and infrastructure.
She is like an MK ultra victim holy fuck.
Same
same
Nailed it!
It's for dumb people who think that gendered languages are sexist (french, german, spanish, etc)
their argument: in song form  


F R E E THAT SPELLS FREE  
VOTE FOR ME IN TWENTY TWEN-TY  
I'LL SAY TRUMPS BAD ON LIVE TV  
WAS GONNA LEARN ECONOMICS BUT I'M TOO LAZY  
NOW INSTEAD OF LOOKING SMART IM LOOKING BAD  
WE THINK IT'S GOOD FOR THE COUNTRY BUT NOW OUR POSSIE'S GETTING LAUGHED AT  
F R E E THAT SPELLS FREE  
VOTE FOR ME IN TWENTY TWEN-TY
This is what makes me different! Yo hablo espanol!
Yes, soon the song number will begin and we will know...
People that can't figure out how to vote, probably shouldn't be voting.
she's a monet. looks good from a distance. scary up-close.
I highly doubt it!
Can't get ahold of Evan because we're quarantined...
He looks like Homer Simpson
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vJ6MrDO0kgY
So... a loser
Straight out of the communist manifesto
His!
Fuck IBEW
They all should be. Trump is going to eat this entire field alive. This guy at least knows it.
LMAO Booker is on stage tonight? Haven't heard him yet
It's on Mark Dice twitter.
BUT HES 27, AND MEXICAN!
They didn't get to because what's her name moved to Fox.
Msnpc
Watching Streamfare.com
KICKING PEOPLE OFF INSURANCE IS BAD. ORANGE MAN BAD. ALSO IM KICKING YOU OFF YOUR HEALTH INSURANCE
Seems like this is the debate for losers, tomorrow for the DNC pick.
TD creates these memes :(
Lol
He doesn't want to be scalped
For this debate,

&#x200B;

Biden and Sanders are going to slaughter each other tomorrow.
That’s a “win 10 states and pander to women” move right there. 

Playing to try to cover the spread that’s it.
Botox can’t fix that.
are they sneaking in from russia across the top of the arctic circle?
Yes we do!
I won’t even try
You can't use him to escape a fire.
Never gonna happen!
Yes, send them out onto the streets!  Without any supervision because their parents just dumped them on our border lol
He is the Rubio of the Democrats.
Tomorrow night is the big boy table.
I'm not ashamed of my attraction to GEOTUS. Why should they be?
AY AY AY AY AYHOLUP
Their communists
Nothing. Unless you count non-Americans as Americans.
I'm a collector ;) especially new assault rifles
He seemed afraid to name it. Perhaps he is an 'Easter worshipper'?
THINK OF THE CHILDREN!!
Chuck Todd
which one, they all sound delusional, and Booker refuses to look into the camera.
That’s just what she called him his name was really Terry 😬
NUKES
Uncanny
He sits when he pees
I was waiting for madcow to push a button on his desk to abort him
Covfefe
No.
Cockus.
LOL, i was waiting for her to say "+" plus lol or xyz
Look at poor Jussie!
same, it's definitely a mental disorder
Oh nos
We need to send a strongly worded letter.

If the UN allows it.
How do dems see this as policy/good debate is beyond me
He kinda sounded like the Governator.
You know how. She's 1/1024 native
to be fair, Pocahontas is 70 years old
Whoop Whoop.
Out of the candidates tonight, Tulsi is probably my favourite. Saw some posts/opinions that mirror yours, but a bit suspicious to see my Twitter say that Tim Ryan is trending higher than her + the news headline associated with Tulsi is her getting slammed for 9/11 comments...
No no, we have to let them all come in, give the countries to the criminals and cartels, and live with fuckin Mad Max directly below us but protect shitholes 4000 miles away because they're dangerous.
How dare you insult clowns.
Gotta keep an eye on these psychos.
Are you kidding me? The memes can't be ignored lol
Go watch her on Joe Rogan
Yuuge
KEK
Good question. They can all enroll in Obamacare right now.
I'm watching on psvue and have had a couple hickups
This the JV squad. More clowns tomorrow. Not that they arent all JV to God emperor but still good humor!
too many dems for one stage so they split them into two groups.. biden and bernie in the other group
Tomorrow's debate, because DNC is broke so they let em all run before they jack their money for the next chosen one. 

I actually donated $1 to swalwell because I want to see his retard ass debate and he'll be there tomorrow, stay tuned!
I was wondering the same thing.
He's part 2 tomorrow with the other 10
Tomorrow night will be another debate with the rest of the Dem field.
They split the 20 candidates into two nights. He is in tomorrow’s group.
He’s in round 2 tomorrow night
Hes tomorrow
Manana noche.
He’s peeking over everyone’s shoulders
There’s another debate with 10 other candidates tomorrow. He will be in that.
That's only half of them all.. picked at "random"
He is part of tomorrows Line-up. With Bernie, and Kamala. Too many candidates for all in one night.
He's backstage sniffing Tulsi's green room chair
1776!
yes!
Bill of rights son!  2A rights are unalienable - not given by government.  That literally means no license.
remember when it was the next ice age, then we had to stop using paper bags and use plastic to save trees, now we're back to use paper, lol, meanwhile india and china have a river of plastic flowing into the ocean 24/7
High on all that carbon dioxide in Miami
Hold my beer
she has a horrible acne problem. eeewwww
She has overcame many hardships as a Cherokee American
NBC set her up to "win" tonight.
Pre-planned just like they did for Hillary.

Kamala will "win" tomorrow night.

It has to be a female so Bernie & Biden must be stopped. Once they're out, Kamala beats Warren.

Book it.
Warren looked like an insane person.  You may not be wrong though.  The other ones were that bad.
They jipped tulsi, as an ex supporter
She's interesting and weird. At first she looks like an angry old lady, but she grows on you because she was the only candidate on the whole stage with any authenticity.

Not much chance in the general, but could be a contender in the primaries.
she did look like she has the strongest brain aneurysm.
Haha I thought the same
He's lost in the D party. China and Mexico? this dude is late to the party
“We want to take away your healthcare. Just not ours”
Thanks for the heads up.
Peter Pan never sucked 1,000 cocks.
this was my thought too. Dude tried to cut her off asap
They would do it anyway
Who’s going to be the biggest clown.
Haha, chat stream is disabled.  I wonder why.
LOL
He's had some coaching. Can't coach him not to sweat profusely though
We're already on double non-secret probation, so I would say no.
She's like the female Eric Swalwell
Google 😮
They all will
QUARANTINED
They don't mean the ones you're thinking of.
Booker. Memefest and the autism.
Way too much mic time.
That’s when he went Spanish.
Real talk that was a gangsta dodge tho
"Immigrants" to be correct.
It's over
its the only thing that will bring in revenue for the year, gotta soak that shit up
Hola, mi amigos!  Me llamo Pocohontas!
That kid's name? Albert Einstein.
That child was 3 months old and her name was Albert Einstein.
Fire sticks
Research. Lol.
At least she refused to endorse a gun grab
WELL REGULATED
Beto: Make Slingshots great again.
FTFY
Except for “undocumented immigrants”
Donald Trump is fat
"Want a beer?"


*"ahhhhhh nope"*
Jimi
After they are ripped from parents and locked in cages of course
i noticed Tulsi was doing that too. She almost slipped the first time she said it. 

"do i keep going for 37 made up genders or not..." lol
Been going for a couple of hours.
Back to watching Breaking Bad.
She’s the smartest for sure, but still a dirty, filthy socialist.
Symptom of TDS
She's had too much peyote
infowars.com
Youtube
https://youtu.be/vJ6MrDO0kgY
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vJ6MrDO0kgY](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vJ6MrDO0kgY)
I'm watching this one:  [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iaLDUIg7doI](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iaLDUIg7doI)
Just a dude trying to make some money.
Local NBC affiliate
https://www.spectrum.com/browse/content/new-channel-lineup.html
No.
i thought those were war wounds.
Iirc she's bi
i think she likes the fist, up her butt
No, you don’t
Obama fucked us enough.
I’m never voting for a democrat again, and she’s a democrat.
My main beef with her is that she’s voted against the second amendment every. single. time. 

She’s best candidate the Democrats have, though. They just don’t know it.
You could see yourself voting for her over President Trump?
My thoughts on Tulsi? Get the fuck out of here you disguised leftist.
About the sexualizing thing. That's life. Men and women are attracted to each other. The standard that we can't discuss people in a sexual context because it upsets others who aren't comfortable with it--I mean, just move on. If that's your standard, life will be impossible for you.

I thought she was a terrible speaker. She was like a fucking mannequin whos neck was on a fan. Go slowly left for 5 seconds, then slowly right for another. She was monotone and not talking to the audience and remembering shit. 

I agree with some of her things, but others I am massively against. 

I liked Delaney. He was real, down to earth, speaking to people as a person and not trying to be rehearsed and or pander. He was bringing up the real issues that once enshrined both parties, not their gay trans lesbian african american latino son who came to this country on one leg and should get free health care. 

But, is he electable. No. 

If Tulsi could be less restrained. Her answer on gays was a lot better than others because it came from her not a piece of paper. She needs to do more of that or she will be axed by the establishment like everyone else.
She's a moderate, and that's exactly why she *won't* be the nominee. The left has gone over the radical cliff. There's no way they're going to pick anyone normal. Almost every single one of them is either a communist or a socialist, and Biden's a child sniffer.
Having good views on anti-war and anti-regime change doesn't negate terrible Marxist principles. She's in line with AOC in the idiocy of policy.

None of these people understand anything. They live in a fantasy world where they want to create a new America. One of pandering, welfare and collective good (aka, stretch everything too far and cause less quality and access in the process for nice words on a bill) instead of individualism and personal responsibility.
I agree with *much* of her foreign policy.  My understanding is that she is socialist leaning which I cannot accept. Overall she would probably be the only Democratic presidential candidate I would speak with IRL.
Obvious shill is obvious.
She has better ideas than most Dems. 

I don’t like how she is so antagonistic towards Trump. 

I had hopes for her in the beginning of the Trump admin when she went to meet him at Trump Tower before the inauguration.
I like that she is anti war. I am skeptical about whether or not she will ultimately be a puppet of the left (health care for all, etc.)
Agree with you 100% on everything. I think she'll be better 2nd time around. I noticed her stumble on her words a bit and not answering the question regarding to equal pay. She would have been considered a normal Democrat back in 08'

Edit: just because the majority doesn't agree with your views doesn't mean you should back down on it. Getting thumbed down shouldn't mean anything.
Ugh this quarantine shit sucks. Fucking shills everywhere. They need to just ban the sub already.
I don't like it either because the comments about it are useless/boring, but any female candidate is going to be massively hot-or-notted by voters, male and female. Human nature.
that guy is asian in the same way francis is mexican.
Tulsi is very much NOT MAGA
I must say she hot!
Why u so mad
HONK🤡HONK
You mean to tell me he's pandering? Why I never!
>But Robert O'Rourke...   I can totally hear that gringo's accent in Spanish.  Even my Spanish is better than his.  So I'm certain that the people who grew up speaking Spanish, or speak it as their native language, they're not fooled by that idiot at all.  They know he's poser.  Because if I can hear it, they definitely can.

his accent is very "american".  I'm a "gringo" myself, I took just 3 semesters of Spanish and live in Arizona, so I get to hear the Mexican variety.  he sounds like a college student trying out his Spanish 1 for the first time.  it's so f-ing fake.
Beto sucks but what about Booker.  His Spanish is a fucking nightmare
I studied Spanish for 8 years in school and his accent and inflection are embarrassing. 

He’s technically accurate, but he sounds so bad.
Agreed
I'm a Spanish speaker.  My parents immigrated (legally) from Mexico and I grew up with both English and Spanish.

Honestly, there are people who have much worse gringo accents than Beto.  He actually speaks it well.  He didn't say much, mind you.  It's possible he just practiced those lines.  It's still obvious that Spanish is not his first language.
Could you tell Booker was born in Mexico?
I never heard Puto O'Rourke speaking Spanish until I saw a clip of him tonight... damn, that's bad. I'd feel embarrassed for him if I didn't dislike him so much.
Native spanish speaker here. Thats completely gringo.

Is even offensive tbh.
How do you say “poser” en espanol?  I’m looking for a new favorite word.
Thanks for the information.

It's interesting to see how out of touch they get with the common people when they have had unopposed power for so long.

Reminds me of the hot sauce in her purse comment and how no one said anything about it.
not sure if he wants to pretend to be speaking Spanish flawlessly; they probably planned this beforehand and thought it will help him; I think it backfired though lol
Yeah, hes Irish.  Super Irish. Same generation of Irish decent as I am.

Hes a joke here in Texas, hes a joke pretty much everywhere.
he's not doing it for spanish speakers, he is doing it for virtue signalers
Illegals?
I understand that, but it was ridiculous for them to break into Spanish in the middle of the debate. It was obvious pandering to the Latino vote and quite frankly not even good Spanish, and it was quite embarrassing for Beto. That’s why I called it out: not because some people don’t understand English, but because it was ridiculous and obviously a debate strategy. Also, I’d just like to say that when immigrants come to the US from other countries, they can and should retain their own culture/language but they need to assimilate into our nation and learn our languages. What’s next, people speaking in Arabic, or Mandarin Chinese on the debate stage?! There are a far greater number of people who cannot speak Spanish but understand English compared to those who cannot speak English but speak Spanish, and it’s just bad strategy to have that that large group of people not understand what you’re saying. (Also subtitles exist 🤷‍♂️)

Edit: also thought I could add that I have a family member fluent in Spanish and I myself have taken Spanish in school for 10 years, I’m not some uneducated redneck complaining for no reason
Booker did.
Corey did
1/1024
'member when "You can't have babies, you don't have a womb!" was a joke in a Monty Python movie? I 'member.
What I don't understand... Do they actually believe that is sound science? How does that make any sense?
I fully expect uterus transplants to be prioritized over cancer research. Of course they will not function properly 'cause biology, DNA and such, but flaunting fake organs is trendy.
Paid audience by the democratic primary candidates.  Remember when Jeb! placed a woman at one of Trump's speaking engagements to ask Trump about women's rights and getting paid as much as a man? LOL
She’s a raycist
Then she is racist.
[YES](https://media.giphy.com/media/1O1bHxv9ZzuRo4B0cs/giphy.gif)
Mhmm
I could have misheard that part, but it's still not much better. It's still the assumption that only minority families are affected by private prisons.
Did you see the cory booker reaction meme yet?
I couldn’t watch.  It was too cringy
It wasn't even spoken well
*¿Donde esta discotheque?*
But he’s wall-eyed!
Careful, many retards will read this comment and think you want a dictatorship when you are obviously joking.
Just a little more time
Have some G-ddamn faith!
>Also tranny abortions. 😂 

Is that what they call it when they go to the gender-neutral restroom? *sploosh*
I lost it on that one.
A men can get pregnant if he calls himself a woman!! REEEEE
I thought it was rude how Klobuchar assumed there were only three women up there and that the men hadn't been fighting to get abortions for themselves.
God that was the worst pandering I’d ever heard. Just had to make sure he snuck that in there, didn’t he.
Abort this dick
Look at these Google results I just took this screenshot. 

https://i.imgur.com/7Q7pz8t.png

No auto suggestions for the second one. Odd.

Plus the top one lets you Report inappropriate predictions so their AI can learn and remove them.
I would never want to be rich because i know the government is going to take 70 percent of it. No thanks, I'll stay middle class.
As of right now college us a 4 year vacation for many people with little relevance on their actual careers. I would be more okay with paying for others if I had any idea that it might benefit society. College became easy because of free student loan money.
It's not actually free. Tax payers will end up paying for gender studies degrees. There may be better ways than the current system but paying taxes for this system is a joke.
If everyone goes to college, it makes a college degree as worthless as a high school diploma.
##**YOU KNOW IT! I KNOW IT! EVERYBODY KNOWS IT!**
You know it, I know it, Everyone knows it
Took a while to find you lads, glad to see you're all still here!
It’s true. I shake my head at all my buddies I used to go to punk shows with how now have the same politics as ever major tech company and corporate media outlet but still see themselves as going against the grain.
FUCK YEAH
Expecting lots of pedes to get alcohol poisoning tonight.
You made me literally lol
They identify as having had an abortion.
Is this a joke? I hope it’s a fucking joke. 

They are running out of things to complain about when it comes the LGBT community, and that means there’s no more laws that need to be changed. But they're still scrambling over each other to trying to out-gay their opponents, which leads to ridiculous bullshit like this. When did debates descend into this no-holds-bared pandering? 

Please be a joke
also a Rhodes scholar so he obviously knows what it's like to be from the mean streets of Oxford.
Almost like his beard, Rosario Dawson
That dude makes up a lot of things for street cred.
My street bro's name is Filet Mignon.
lmao
Ultra anti gun so fuck him. But yes, otherwise seemed like one of the only humans up there.
https://youtu.be/BFDtxF__zow
Dont forget the sign language also or whatever the hell it is hes doing with his hands
It’s pretty smart. If he or any dem wins Texas, they win the presidency, it’s a deathblow. The midterms were as purple as ever.Republicans must keep Texas at all cost.
His Spanish sounds are terrible to me. Like Schwarzenegger's housekeeper talking with his d\*ck in her mouth.

&#x200B;

Or so I imagine.
>Pandering to the burrito supreme
Porque no los dos?
El burrito, por supuesto.
Learn the language of the country? Or you think a Babel Tower society with people speaking their own language can function properly. Oh wait... you DO think so.
Pick me pick me!!!

Not vote for betas that spend time pandering for votes from people that aren't citizens of the US.

Next question.
And CA and NJ and IL and ...
I believe they still try to tax you for 10 years even after giving up your citizenship too
Even that isn't how the proposed tax rates work. It's 70% of every dollar after meeting some certain threshold for example after the first 10 million earned the rest is taxed at 70%. Also what country are they going to run to? No other country is going to give them a lower tax rate! Unless they want to go live somewhere without the amenities of an industrialized western nation (they don't).
You can download RES and turn off subreddit style, it's got the ability to hide the domain link for posts too.

It's got a stylesheet thing i've never messed with. 

Sad you gotta do stuff like this but who needs the hassle
Fewer men but better
of course!  mixed in there with all the money his wife stole
It was probably rehearsed many times.  I would like to engage him in Spanish.  See if he knows the slang.
never forget what they took from us
Isn't a quarantine usually the prelude to a ban?
BaconReader works fine.
and the bots... can we get Fs in the comments for our brickbot and coatbat? Let’s not forget our Trump Train bot too.
get redditisfun
That's not even true though...

Reddit is Fun, non verified accounts are still working...
If you try to access it on a browser you will also get a scary warning advising you to go away.
Probably so they can doxx users.
Yes. Normally quarantined subs are banned a few months later. It seems to be way to gradually do it to reduce blowback.
I sees you
I laughed really hard at your comment 😂
WE’RE GONNA NEED A BIGGER STAGE!
Debate is covering us to Democrat voters :(
Does he get to keep the coat?
Canada and America are brothers, I will always support whats in your best interest.
I’m definitely not on pol right now!
I appreciate that but I wouldn't want it anyway, don't give Reddit money, give it to a charity or your local church instead.
With all due respect, ew. Scheer has his issues, but to suggest that he's a sellout is a stretch. The man is definitely no Maxim in regards to libertarian ideals, but I mean, he's obviously better than Trudeau. 

Maybe I have a special bone to pick with him tho, considering I'm very pro BC/Western Canada, and Trudeau is an East Coast liberal through and through.
Lol. I can see names like President Dwayne Elizondo Mountain Dew Camacho becoming a real thing, but way less funny.
What language is The Constitution written in?
Just switched to beer from wine. I'm in for the long haul
R.I.P. Your liver.
Call in sick tomorrow, say you got quarantined yesterday and cant make it.
-Gilllete
Oh my sweet summer child...
Sin Sal! Gracias
It’s worse than Spaniard lispy Spanish. That’s saying something.
from start to finish garbage fire lol
What started early?  The debate?
Liberal ideas thrive under heavy censorship.
He said nobody cares about Mueller report but rather policies to help the country. Moderators suddenly “remember” that they need to go to a commercial break.
DEBATEATHON!
Yes
Weapons of war!!
Probably "Trans rights" and "Abortions"...
Notice how quick they jumped away from Saudi Arabia though. Hellooooooooooooooooooo? They literally funded 9/11 and here you guys are creating massive arms deals with them to go murder Yemense children.

&#x200B;

The MIC is real and needs to be adressed
Very true. Even if we cut carbon emissions 100%, the effects will be negligible as long as these two countries continue to pollute as much as they are now.
Trumps spending plan was supposed to cut the debt down but i dont think the Dems would approve of it
Accurate!  Well done summary.
I've laughed so much I cried a tear. Wow. Thank you so much.
Feel the love, guys!
Agreed.  She’s not left enough to get the nomination though.  By the time the primaries are done she’ll be a closeted “right wing neo Nazi.”
I thought this way initially, then I researched her a little. She’s just as much a baby-killing, gun-grabbing leftist as the rest of them.
[deleted]
Too perfect
Massive gun grabber :(
BORING! \~VSGPOTUS
Is that an impeachable offense?
Obviously. They want me to vote for them but don’t want to speak my language.
Because she'd have to rain dance for 1024x as long as a real Native American.
His birth name was Warren Wilhelm Jr. 

Apparently his dad was a war hero who unfortunately left his sanity in 'Nam and came back an alcoholic and an abuser. Mrs Wilhelm left him and reverted to her maiden name of DeBlasio, and her son later changed his name to match his mother's.
I just want to see him debate Trump. It'd be a great show.
nearly every school shooter was bullied and everyone looked the other way or joined in, including the teachers; let's not forget about the kids that just go right to killing themselves from being bullied either
yup, take assult r, they'll use shotguns, take sgun, they'll use pistols, take them they'll use bombs, take that knives, take that baseball bats, take that cars....
Tim Ryan - ohio
I'm just waiting for the crying comps again hahaha
Well, never fear! The republicans will have a meeting, to hold a hearing, to have a conference, to have a panel, that will tell tech giants they might be biased.
Please clap.
AND YOUR CONTENDER TONIGHT, JOE BIDEN! 

*Little Girls by Oingo Boingo starts playing*
If I was an unemployed non-english speaking pregnant LGBYXZBQ Illegal "Immigrant" on welfare who wanted to be a victim of a starving socialist gun free society...

I would Sooooo vote Democrat!!!
Unless there's a lot of cheating
They don't have enough of those at the grassroot level. Soros tried last time and failed.
Pocahontas can’t win an election anymore!
Bernie will go after Biden.
Drudge has a poll on his site that shows Tulsi winning the debate with 38.98%  (21,692 votes)  
Warren in 2nd place with 12.36%  (6,879 votes).  
JOHN DELANEY  in 3rd with 10.6%  (5,899 votes)
If you can milk my prostate while slobbin on the knobbin we have a deal pal
Iowahawk broke down their math years ago and the numbers don’t work: [Eat the Rich](https://youtu.be/661pi6K-8WQ). It’s eye-opening.
He also nimbly navigated out of the war with Syria they had been hyping for half a decade. Now they barely even mention it. I think they’ve given up on that particular war.
Unfortunately I couldn't watch the whole thing lol.  Maybe someone else will answer
People who judge him are really naive. Nobody on the planet has gone through anything like this. It’s unprecedented. And then people are like, “Ugh, if it was me, I would have phrased that one line slightly differently” or, “Ugh, he kind of got a little irritated with Jim Acosta that one time,” or, “Ugh, it’s so awful that he was privately bitching to his lawyer about Robert Mueller.” It’s complete delusion. If anyone thinks they could have navigated every one of these traps and the coup and the FAKE NEWS and the slander and maintain his positive attitude is being way too kind on themselves. Maybe you wouldn’t have made the exact same mistakes, but you would have made other mistakes, and probably worse ones. Show a little humility and understanding. I doubt most people could navigate a full week of this many people with this much power and money coming after you like this. And a lot of times those “mistakes” are completely made-up lies, and then they just become accepted truths. Like Trump calling third-world countries “shitholes”. People will say, “Oh - unforced error, unforced error!” But there is no video, no audio, he denies it, and everyone there said it didn’t happen. So imagine that. Even if you nail everything, they can still just put words in your mouth and there it is: an unforced error and everyone is mad at you.
But Bernie will add a whole new dimension to the same answers.
Missing a period there buckaroo! Don't you have some pandering to do?
“A lot to unpack here.”
Way too much English in that reply. It’s gotta be at least 30 seconds more pandering and then reference the trans community, you bigot
##WE JUST CAN'T STOP WINNING, FOLKS! THE TRUMP TRAIN JUST GOT 10 BILLION MPH FASTER!
CURRENT SPEED: 324,809,385,117,000 MPH!
At that rate, it would take approximately 5.166 years to travel to the Andromeda Galaxy (2.5 million light-year


Can’t just quarantine our bots like that and expect us to not do any thing!
AT THIS SPEED WE WILL BE AT THE ANDROMEDA GALAXY IN 47 MINUTES!!!


sorry...my best train bot :(
Choo choo!
**FOR THE LOVE OF GOD GET THIS PATRIOT A GOAT! THATS 205,501,746,121 GOATS HANDED OUT!**

We are 681027182.8% of our goal to give service goats to the 298,695 great people of Anchorage, Alaska. Let's make sure everyone gets a goat in the United States! For every Centipede a goat, for every goat a Centipede!

This bot was created by devious1087, and I have appropriated it. [Meme Reference!](https://thefreerangelife.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/12/IMG_6564-240x300.jpg)
And this shitty website has no control!!!
infowars.com
A very straightforward YouTube search
Clown world.us
Www.clownworld.us
go to infowars.com and there is a link
REEEEEEEEEEEE
>Illegal immigration is wrong and immoral *puts hand over mic* oh god I'm so scared he's watching and he has a butter knife send help.
And The Grand Wizard of The KKK. Democrats are mental.
Also his facial expressions were great comedy
A lot of those people are too lazy to vote though. Like when Mark Dice and Flecca’s do man on the street interviews in California, when asking people who they voted for, probably 75% of the really dumb ones say they didn’t vote. It’s nice. If you aren’t paying attention (and getting your news from late-night comedy shows doesn’t count as paying attention), then I encourage you not to vote. I don’t even judge non-voters. If you’re just some beach bum whose main priorities are your tan and your abs and you haven’t read a newspaper or watched a debate in fifteen years (if ever), you don’t have to vote. It’s cool. Focus on that tan. It looks great!
Probably another "if you like your doctor, you can keep your doctor"
Back in my day we used to call people like this tryhards.
The hash slinging slasher
The press made him seem like a nut job who would nuke countries for fun and destroy the economy. Now that we know the economy is booming under Trump and Trump is the tough but pro-peace candidate, he should do much, much better this time around. Incumbents almost always win, especially with peace and a great economy. Why fuck with it?
nice
Thats not white supremacy.
Don't forget trans women abortion rights
Unless they spoke Spanish
KWAAASoinnnnn’
Goes for any language. Especially watching cooking shows

Italian: “ok so make sure to cover the dish generously with fresh MOAT-ZAH-DELL-AH which is a great cheese”

Mexican: “So I really love to cook this, my mother actually spent quite some time perfecting EN-CHEE-LAH-DAS when she was younger”

I can’t stand that shit
>Same thing as white people trying to pronounce a language invented by white people

Do you read m8 before you hit Enter.
It's just virtue signaling.  It's like how Democrats pronounce "Muslim" like MOOS-lym.  It's a shibboleth.
For real tho
Sadly, it is true.  She does eat with a comb.
Bro did you just misidentify ethnicity? It's not about what you are it's about what you identify as just like muh gendur
I find it very odd that you're taking that part of my comment literally - it's sarcasm. Do I really think white men are worthless? Lighten up
Even they aren’t that corrupt.
No, you were better. I remember.
So the most popular candidates are the craziest ones? I. E. Crazy Bernie and Creepy Biden?
Oh he's 100% fucked in the eyes of the insane Democrats lol
Well, he's white, he's moderate, lives in a flyover state, cares about people who work, and he seems to have a brain.

Of course the Dem voters aren't fans of him.
Once I realized I hear the same shit from them day in and day out I decided it was time to turn it off
Keep an eye on it. She has this weird head tilt side to side.
I'm a catty centipede.
Scary as hell knowing one of these brainless individuals could have end up being President...
Nothing will stop Trump in 2020 ;)
Swanky of course!
Lol idk what u mean
Add me to the hit list too.
Is he biological? Or trans?
nO COMMent
New law in Canada, everyone there does now.
Trump was polling a t 1.4% to win....how'd that turn out?
They saw Fukushima and are watching the Chernobyl series instead of actually doing research
Probably because it’s so cheap it’s practically free energy.
Doesn’t matter - point being dems say whatever people want to hear, no regard for facts
i mean.....you're not wrong....
These fucks are clueless. There's being a mindless politician that's just playing a role, but then there's whatever the fuck THIS is supposed to be. They aren't even putting in effort with their bullshit anymore.
>here we have x'bele from Uganda to tell us his opinion of the candidates tonight and what they offered him.
They're not clueless, they're advancing the narrative they're told to advance.  It's naive to think that any of them actually care about reducing homicides.
Collectors who never once fired their guns will be able to keep them-Warren
gotta respect that strategy given the reality
I have been asking for months for a Democrat to tell me one Democrat policy it is okay for Republicans to disagree with. 

Haven’t heard of one yet.
They must come right to his mansion and harass him daily...
They should at least let him mall grab his skateboard while he is up there.  That chump needs his security blanket....he seems low energy and scared.
its higher in post industrial western societies
Exactly. Maybe we are reference W? Regardless it ain’t dat president
Imagine if Obama had negotiated back the hostages from North Korea and the remains of the U.S. soldiers killed in the Korean War and all he had to give away in return wasn’t money, it wasn’t lifting sanctions, it was taking a meeting in Singapore on denuclearization and ending the war, which is something we wanted anyway. 

Would they be in production on one Hollywood movie about that by now, or two? 

But Trump gets almost zero credit for it. Even Fox News barely mentions it. Any other President, it would have been one of the defining moments of their Presidency. With Trump, it’s just one of like another 25 accomplishments.
Just at home, enjoying a beer. Might challenge my corporate overlords later, idk. 

-Liz Warren, probably.
Rubio maybe.
No, he said it was about abortions.
Hillary won Minnesota. Not sure you have to defend anyone here. Let Hillary 0.50 have it
And what's to keep them from closing the American plant and moving back to China? These people can't even lie convincingly.
“There’s an asteroid on a collision course with Earth. Now my opponents across the aisle propose we try to blow it up with a nuclear missile. But these weapons of war are not Who We Are. Therefore I propose a 15% Asteroid Tax on all products and services to fund a conversation about this asteroid, and diversity!”
Talking about this aftershow analysis - black dude, black gal, white dude, hispanic gal, no lgbt rep. fucked up
I thought that was Jason Briggs
No he will be like Jim Webb and fade of into obscurity
seriously cannot fathom how he was the left's *golden child* for even  the split second it lasted
Beto's high school Spanish is so bad. He sounds (and looks) like Napoleon Dynamite.
[deleted]
Interesting, I wasn't aware. Thanks, brother!
I had a response but then I couldn’t stop laughing at your username. 

Oh yeah. I agree he looks like a rapist. A rapist beaver man.
Syriais meant to be partitioned so really there is nothing Assad can do to become an ally of the neocons.
The DNC establishment and media are against her.  I respect her anti-MIC stance.  I think Delany deserves props for addressing the party elitism and speaking up for the forgotten blue collar workers, he wasn't spewing SJW talking points.
She'll do whatever is convenient for her, and then turn on a dime at the DNC's whim.
I'm conservative.
Someone told me to I’m just passing on the message. Do enough know?
The blues literally BTFO themselves.
Someone commented earlier that he looks like he has diarrhea and it’s running down his leg. He’s definitely full of shit.
Like the intern in the bathroom who he followed in.
I was crying from laughter. A friend of mine (Trump supporter) told me she wasn't going to watch. I sent this to her:

>I think you're right to not watch. Beto is speaking in Spanish and I could've gotten more insightful answer from a potato than what Pocahontas gave as her first answer.

This was five minutes into the debate.
Niiiice
Honestly, I don't think any of these on the stage are good candidates. They have passion, but they clearly don't understand what the source of problems are in America. Trump seems to understand it.
Yeah, once or twice but she works it in every time.
Or as Booker would say, “En Lock-o”
Paid for by tax payers ..
you shouldn't have to pay to work
We can't control the economy but we can plan for it.  You are absolutely correct that things will go south if a democrat is elected. 

I'll do what I did during the last recession... invest while the prices are low.
Yes... my situation is anecdotal... but there are a lot of people that can tell a similar story.

I had to change industry and get into something different when the job market was at it its lowest.  It hurt to leave the profession that I knew and go into something different.

You just have to eat your pride sometimes and be willing to try something different.  It was a hard lesson for me to learn.

Would you be willing to go into something different even if it wasn't what you wanted so that you could bring in a paycheck?  The home building industry is hurting for employees and I'm not talking about picking up a hammer and pounding nails.  They have a ton of office positions available as well.
[removed]
Lado de carne
I'm counting on most of the people present being stupid enough to agree with her. Also, she will.be given approximately 3 minutes of screen time, if tonight's favoritism holds.
They collaborated with Arabs who hated Jews, too...
Hence the "sell out".
I don't think the only line should be "if you've already attacked us" - I like to subscribe to the belief that it's probably smarter to enforce agreements rather than trust the pinkie swears of people that have lied endlessly. (In other words, if they clearly violate agreements - like Syria and chemical weapons - send a clear message. Ya know, like what Trump did.)
I like shoe but boy, some of the bullshit she nods over. Come on shoe, how do you see through muh wage gap but not some of this other stuff?
Yeah cause she's pandering to MAGA and many bait yawn
It's every time someone is talking about he's on the screen.
Well who tf do you think you are? Tulsi Gabbard?
Nah. It's her not feigning outrage at everything. She's not yelling that we're all going to die next week.
hahah yea, but we cant put it on Youtube.
Clownworld.us
Up at the top in this very thread
LOL
Haha
lol
https://www.infowars.com/watch-alex-jones-show/
My bad.  Point stands,  he's insane
###**WHAMMO!**
###**THERE ARE NO BRAKES ON THIS TRAIN!**
air soft gun
Im in tears
my manssssss
yeah i mean if you actually believe any of this shit, who are you liking right now? i mean all these are horrible choices
I am a Phobeaphobe
So beat.  Worse than I thought it would be.
Rofl
What burned him was lumping all Jihadis into one group. Let's not stereotype a terrorist now guys. I think he said the drone was 130k or did I hear it wrong?
okie dokie..:)
lol
She's like Hillary Clinton only with more batshit.
Lol
Oh, they do.
Their chips are all-in with her & Harris. Callin' it now: Harris will get the same VIP treatment tomorrow that Warren did tonight.
IMO Warren is their best shot from a voter perspective. But the DNC doesn't want her, they want Biden. 

(Not that I think Warren has a snowball's chance in hell)
Yea it was smart in the sense of being heard but it’s not like she is going to be rewarded for meta’ing the debate by the main stream media.
You’re a world champion.
Kek
>**work**

reeeeeeeee
She won't make it that far
I agree. She's not extreme enough though. She won't make it
I hadn't heard that. Is his wife a doctor by any chance?
That's a given.
I know this, you know this, President Trump knows this!
This was the best part.

"Senator, do you support a 70% tax rate"

"Ci, buenos noches"

He just fucking went off.
I’m trying to figure that out
Have no idea who he is but he is the only one who hasn't said something ridiculous yet.
one of the moderators asked this question
Here! https://clownworld.us/
https://clownworld.us/
At the top in the comments
Here! https://clownworld.us/
it's going to be so entertaining because trump has this way of debating which completely throws the other person off, since they are so used to typical robotic candidates.
100% this. Never forget what they did to Bernie. It’s all a sham. It’s what made me start visiting here in the first place.
Sí
Most troubling thing i heard all night.
Exactly. Its all we heard for 2.5 years
But she didn't build them.
Indeed.
tatonka
Thanks for saying that. It's what I was alluding to. I have very little doubt President Trump will win again, and in greater numbers. But if the worst happens and he loses, Tulsi is at least kind of milquetoast as far as the crazy the Dems are currently selling.
I don't, but when a politician runs around saying "kill all the babies and tax everything that moves!" I tend to want someone not saying those things to be the opponent.
rape is sexy1!
Fuck, I already paid for mine
Booker will faght for you
Better but the sound is not as good.
Also the only ones who support abolishing private insurance
But isn't that's why they are airing it on Telemundo as well? smh
She's a DINO. Theres only a few of them i'd be happy to vote for and shes one of it.

Shes actually mirroring a Trump plan with leftist buzzwords.
I cRi EvUrTym
Gotta exercise them high cheekbones.
Yep.  It's like the Syrian refugee kid all over.  And not just the real one who died face down in the surf--again, truly tragic, but also the fake one in the ambulance covered with dust.  These lowlifes will use anything to advance their agenda.  How many kids will be saved when idiot adults no longer have an easy incentive to break our laws to come here?
Yup.
I don't think this country is willing to let them do that, and that's coming from a former liberal.
Count on it.  That groundless bullshit will come up again and again.
Damn RIP
Mexican Democrat: Naranja hombre no bueno!
Is that even possible??
Swalwell, gang bang, and Biden and Bernie Jesus Christ.
This gonna be great 🤡😂
Agreed.  Shit talking.  3x funds which are even worse ;)  Probably will just break even tomorrow or lose some gains.




I honestly thought it would be less of a shitshow and worry the markets.  Everything is green because of these Democrat clowns.  



Fuck.
Ding ding ding
Trump AMA will have far more impact than any interviews with Democrat Party/leftist operatives with bylines, algorithms, and teleprompters.
Thank you
But CNN told me Marxism was a good thing.

*and that's a good thing*
I dont know. You sound like a misogynist bigot to me. Check your privilege.
Hm.  May need to read up more.  Didn't see that before.
But what about the cow farts? Solve that problem and we can talk.
Yeah..   thank goodness (didn't see typo)
i didnt see that, send me a link later?
Exactly. Soy Espartaco
lol, still, if this is the best of the democrats then I can't imagine how bad the rest are
Honestly
RESPETO SENIOR
I wanna see that lol
He's the token Blue Dog.  My kind of Democrat, tbh.
Yes, unfortunately.
im not sure....i supposed i was expecting her to answer the question: why should we vote for you?
Does not support goal of socialist republic, comrade.
Whoa there.  I think its dangerous to generalize any group.
What is dead may never die
Be Pelosi in twenty minutes
tomorrow... hey can i get on there? everyone can get on there?
oh
which is her strength against all the extremist in the group lol
www.clownworld.us || INFOWARS Live stream, covering the debate now.
Dude !! They keep calling him a congressman lol , YOURE NOT IN CONGRESS YOU DUMMY
Oh I remember. Guy always looks like he just railed a line of blow
Baby wind turban blender
oops forgot she's a dem now
Tried that. Also tried rising. Nada.
What was it?
OUT FUCKING STANDING
Top kek
Literally shaking
Thank god, men need the right to murder babies!
Sure, come find me in 1,000,001
I have not
I think kids stay home to play fortnight instead of going to school. They don't do it because they're gay.
https://m.twitch.tv/destiny
Imagine speaking Spanish in a American debate. We’re in America not Mexico
Which is why they won’t get those votes
Yeah. Not putting her at the Bernie/Biden table might mean she's already out.. or  maybe just didn't pay MSNBC enough..
good lord, and the downvotes on the videos haven’t been manipulated it looks like. Very telling what people mostly think of these “geniuses.”
casual Democrat bigotry is a given.
Tim Ryan he was the only democrat that was sounding sensible about stuff which means he has no chance
My favorite part was when one of them said we are more likely to have a nuclear Armageddon than anytime in our history.

Hilarious when I had to crawl underneath my desk for practice in elementary school.
Yep I’ve read that too, some of her policies make sense and others don’t, but she’s the only one who acknowledges big tech silencing conservatives and doesn’t blame everything on Trump
Oh hell yeah, I'm all in after today!

I'm just saying.. I was hoping for more meltdowns and 'you'd be in jail.' 2.0.
I don't know. I think Tim Ryan had a good point, but sadly people don't want his answer.
https://clownworld.us/
There's staying out of a war, and the there's literally sucking Iran's dick, which is what DNC and MSM have been doing for the last week.
I fucked my girlfriend last night. Enjoy masturbating tonight :)
On Western Avenue in Chicago.
Thanks, man. I plan on doing them all.
Kick flips are sick. Its true.
***DIED!!!***
i'm sure he gets a kick back
Hello Vermin Supreme supporter!
Why indeed.
Sleep long, sleep well sweet baby Pede. Harambe will watch the skies below.
I didnt know this...first time i was online tonight
Fuck em...they are POS and we need to find a tangible way to talk back...they do own us dont they?
amazing timing
Right, and I support them lol I should've been more clear. I don't think the current background checks are effective
Marlins always seem to be crazy accurate. I'm gonna have my model 60 til I die, it's my go-to when I don't want to spend a lot on brass
Lol.

Nice username. I bought a deplorable shirt from a florida flee market in 2015.
Probably not.  We'll see if day 2 they try to out crazy.
Klobuchar is out of her element.  I like Tulsi though.  No chance she wins.
After Smollett?
Agree 1000%.
I’m still on alien blue, it isn’t visible. I have to view the best subreddit in the university from a browser. Not downloading some other bullshit.
You just gotta power through it. Play for keeps!
I’m on iOS, any good apps for that?
It works if I go to a browser but I was talking about the reddit app on iOS
Very much so
nah- hoping slightly offensive will sum it up :-)
Kind if lots of Nazis fled there
A man of laws and lawlessness
Sorry the xers on stage
They fell off when he got a positive response from his very logical assertion to keep what works and fix what doesn't.
Yup, I bet that would win the election 😅
Sounds like I’m missing some meme templates
“Why don’t we print more money?” -Something a child would say last year, something a liberal says now.
There’s enough members to actually start one tbh
I totally respect your dronosity.
they never vote that way.
Hahaha, fuck no.
Aw, first stop after using his balloon comb no doubt
https://m.twitch.tv/destiny
Sorry for the delay
He'll still get a good sniff from the audience.
She will be the nominee. Biden will implode. More likable than Hillary. More mainstream than Bernie. Talking about “Economic Patriotism.” 

Yes - her.
According to the /politics poll, Warren did.
historical, that has not worked out well

for the licensees
Thanks, that's actually the one I tuned in to.
> Mark Dice

Ahhh need Beta in the frame though
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/D-B7uuLXYAAAhfq.jpg:large
I don't know that channel, just put on NBC.
Thank You, but I have Cable.
Trump creates them
They try to sneak in through Ontario.
We had one! He said "BORING"
Oh ok thanks
They tried to set her up big time. Media doesn't like her at all.
That’s the only purpose they serve
Can you put the Infowars live stream in the sticky too? you have MSNBC and NBC :C
Ah gotcha, thank you!
But he’ll be participating in the debate tomorrow 
He’s only sniffing the other candidates in this debate
Not even half...
soaring eagle spend many moon in tent drinking firewater. soaring eagle never dream of be President Chief
Idk, I think Kamala is already done. It's gonna be Warren.
I think it’ll be Warren vs Trump for the grand finale.
Sounds about right.
I still think its Biden because the billionaire donors of the party what him... Because he can be bought easily.

&#x200B;

Plus he has never been the same since he had part of his brain removed (or maybe something was implanted)
Couldn't agree more, she really was bringing up stuff all the other lowkey war-hawks dance around
[removed]
Disagree 100%.  She is a complete fraud...Beto is a fake name...Warren is a fake contender.  Equally useless with zero authenticity.  They are fake.  Book deal, not president.  Sad.  

Ryan was the real dude who called them out and stated a controversial truth.  In my opinion, he said the Democratic party agenda is garbage and the others on stage are fking idiots...agreed.  

Still voting for Trump, obviously.  But, as far as the piece of shit program debate tonight, only Ryan scratched reality.
Aneurysm*
I hate that fuck so much though
Si
But he struggles
Yep. Thank you.
I found it, Thanks.
[removed]
I understand what you're saying, I'm simply referring to the more edgy comments that might promote an eye-roll or two. I just think they're a bit silly and don't add a lot. It's fine to express how you appreciate the appearance for someone, perhaps I had a problem with how things were said. 

Some of the issues with her on-stage performance was a bit lackluster, but I believe she can bounce back. No doubt she noticed it too. 

Delaney brought up some real issues, though sometimes derailing the question response because of it. Talking about a partisan effort was pretty important and I'm interested in seeing more from him in the future. 

Scripted responses really are a problem with some candidates, so she really needs to step it up a bit. Then again, while other candidates didn't on the surface seem to be running on a script, they did implement some of the typical cliches and emotionally provocative language that wasn't really a surprise and was more of a snore and virtue signaling fiesta.

There is a definitely a fine line, but I think we can see her nail it in the future.
> They live in a fantasy world where they want to create a new America. 

Yep. Booker (I think it was Booker) saying he wants to "restructure American government" was downright scary to me.
Don't be like that man, I'm genuinely interested.
Does she really have that much of a negative view towards Trump? I didn't know this. Thanks for the info!
I came to The\_Donald long ago before Trump was even president. In the previous years, it seemed to grow towards being a community open for good discussion and welcoming other people who lean towards the left side and center side but still wanted some quality discussion while STILL seeing some promise in Trump. 

This really was the place, I mean where do you honestly want me to go to? The Politics subreddit?
I believe they wanted to see how she would respond to the question, perhaps to see if they could make her look unprofessional compared to the rest of the candidates. All in all, I'm not sure it advanced the debate all. However, I think her response tells us the voters a lot about her. 

And yeah, I get what you mean.
Shes the only person who's sounded reasonable so far!
Mediocre crater face.
The pandering is obvious.  What may not be obvious is just how bad he is at it.
I bet he keeps a bottle of hot sauce in his purse.

Also Buttigieg.
michelle malkin called it:  hispandering.  *smirks*
He panders to bleeding heart white voters by pretending to pander to Telemundo viewers. Crazy world!
happy cake day
How dare he. How absolute dare he.
Someone needs to put together a video montage of all of them trying to speak Spanish.  lol
This is why they want open borders. It’s the only way they will win
Feminists say men can't make laws or have an opinion on abortion because it doesn't affect them but now men can also be pregnant, don't be a bigot.
*Every sperm is sacred*
If you say it and people cheer and polls go up then sound science
Towards white people lmao
That's a terrible lie. She has a golliwog cookie jar in her kitchen to prove otherwise.
💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀
:OOOOOOOOOOOOO

I choked on my drink when he started speaking Spanish, and then I choked even harder when I saw Spartacus's face. That was going to be memes from the moment it happened
They are all inappropriate. I hope you reported them 😂
that's...not how taxes work
It's only 70% for a certain amount. Not saying it's the right policy, but it's not a flat rate.
Oh, so sorry, there won't be a middle class.
Also remember that it devalues degrees and makes the applicant pools for high-skill jobs even more over saturated.
Too spicy! They couldn't handle it
Someone needs to make a Quarantined  t-shirt
With his celebrity “girlfriend.”  Rrrrrright.
a good char and deep red inside - two creds.
Its a skater thing, you're probably too old to understand.
Mexicans think he’s a fucking joke down here. I’ve seen tons of bumper stickers that read “Beto eats tacos with a fork” here in Houston.
Kneejerk thought in my brain as i read your comment: hearing Arnie yell “get down” 😂
Solo uno es mas macho.
Correcto.  El burrito es mas macho.
[removed]
Not exactly - you pay a tax of ~30% of all of your assets which you can do in installments.  The only other country with an asset tax for those renouncing citizenship was Nazi Germany.
Never forget *why*.

Because they don't want discussion.  They don't want people to have opinions that differ from their own. 

Their goal (quite literally, from the leaked google docs) is to literally prevent a president of the United States from ever being elected if they don't approve of him. 

Forget soft censorship online... they are literally trying to be the gatekeepers for the government.
The ban will come in the middle of the 2020 presidential race.
Usually... probably not in this case though. 

Quarantine accomplishes their goals.  You can't search for the sub from google.  You can't search for it on reddit.  You will never see it from the rest of reddit. 

They are preventing it's spread. They don't want people to see it, because they are afraid people will agree.

Banning it would be national news.  This is a soft ban that gets them what they want.
Does it work signed out of your account?
non-verified accounts are still accounts.
Thanks finally!!!
Great ideas! I hear a certain GEOTUS needs donations.
Which part of canada are you from? I'm Ontario and already regret voting Ford, hes an absolute shitshow.

&#x200B;

I'm not saying I would vote Trudeau, I'm more than likely voting PPC because I like Maxim.

&#x200B;

I don't want to support Scheer because I don't like his half-baked sellout conservatism. (i.e selling out to the dairy cartel) and his best campaign policy is "I'm not trudeau".
Switched from delicious craft to lower ABV macro light-lager.  Trying not to die over here.
Cheers mate
Haha genius
me...imbibing
Lmao he won’t be invited back
Woof that was awful
Disagreed.  Two things need to happen for Tulsi to win: she'll need to start winning support from moderates on both sides (which is already happening), and stick in the race long enough for Dem voters to realize the other candidates don't stand a chance against Trump.
Fucking beautiful!
Nobody from tonite is getting anywhere near trump. Tomorrow is when the candidates that actually have a chance take the stage
They are all on SSRIs, which have psychosis as one of the side effects.
Right, because it's social issues, mental health issues, economic issues that are driving these people. People don't go nuts or become dangerous racists/bigots that shoot up a crowd for no reason.
Thanks I missed that. There seem to have been about three humans on that stage. I was wondering who the least antigun was.
Ridiculous Bullshit
Free gwak!
Yup. Personally feel like Bernie will be hit with his millions in the bank and his wifes fraud. Biden with his sons and his criminal acts in Ukraine and his touchy feelyness.
The DNC doesn’t care how the Democrats vote.
Dude, gay. But yes, Deal.
Don't forget Iran, he stood up to the warmongers in both parties.
It has absolute control my friend.
Thanks!
For sure. Sadly none of that makes the MSM - that Joe and Hillary and Bill and Al Gore (lol his dad, also a Democrat, voted AGAINST the civil rights act ffs!!) all have strong roots in racism. 

The Republican party has its own problems:  too many of its members try too hard to be "moderates" and end up just being Democrats.  

But right now, the D is a much bigger dumpster fire than the Republican party was circa 2015.
Yes, but I think catastrophic health insurance should be applied to everyone.  I would assume any plan for it would be a giveaway to insurance companies just like Obamacare though.
Losers.
A lot of poltards are pro-mixing
I had a philosophy professor who did that with all country names. It was fucking laughable. He actually got trashed hard on the class messAge board and displayed the messages on the projector next class while he had a meltdown
The point Im making is French people say "croissant" like they do because they have an accent. That is how they speak regularly.

Americans who want to try to be edgy pronounce it with a French accent. They go out of their way to say it like that. That is not how they speak.
Señora Chapman??
no, Pocahontas is #1
I saw it!
Different polls. Different side of the aisle.
Yup. Will be interesting once their own start calling that out. And they will lol
 Like I always say the media is going to pick their candidate regardless of anything anyone does or thinks
He has weak genes. There is nothing strong or manly about him.
> Not my type
No one ever gets my user name so 👌
He could have allowed western sponsored oil pipeline from Gulf states through Syria/Turkey, destined for the Med and Europe.  He could have opened oil assets to western backed interests, which happened anyways via western backed SDF forces taking over most of the oil and gas resources east of the euphrates.
Those two were making the most rational points imo
No fucking clue. The downside is this though: you leave the subs, libs control the narrative. The best memes from from us. We need to stay in those subs, drop slight red pills, show how normal we are and not insane like the libs, and convert others. Christianity is wide spread because of missionaries. Be a missionary pede.
She's polling at like 1%. She can pot commit to getting support from democrat veterans or fold.
Your comment was automatically removed because you linked to an anti-Trump domain. Please use archive.is for this website so we do not give them any undeserved traffic.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/The_Donald) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Syria chemical weapons? Are you eating up the white helmet false flags too? We backed out of the agreement because we didn't like giving them money and now we want to hold them to their end of the bargain? Renegotiate if you want a say, don't back out.

https://pics.me.me/iran-wants-war-turkmenistan-mashhad-afghanis-iran-arabia-look-how-13896038.png

What happened to America First?
Thanks! I didn’t read all that obviously.
Thanks Streisand Effect!
Love gun.
grease gun
I'm just talking about the bickering :)
Join the club!
I think he said million
What? No way, it's Biden all night tomorrow. He is the chosen one.
Exactly. She's the only one who can actually talk policy (even though far left horseshit). Everyone else is just a virtue signalling turd.
Warren has the most crossover appeal between the establishment Dems and the progressives, but the progressives strongly prefer Bernie, and I think the establishment money is on Kamala. It is possible that Warren could get enough support from both sides to be a contender.
Let’s ask him!
Gracias, I flew through that wall of text and missed it.
“Because you’d be in jail”

😂 I’m so excited.
You want the most extreme Leftist to win lmao. Don't you want Trump to paint California Red?
Very true
booker is a fag dude.
Nonsense, she's an all out socialist pandering to Trump voters who think she's "hot".
Another problem with her is she is former military but doesn't believe "Weapons of war"(ar15s and other black scary rifles) do not belong in the hands of citizens. Doesn't sound like she has a good understanding of weaponry, which is hilarious because she always brings up her military service.
Someone down the thread got a screenshot, don't worry I'm sure it will be memed soon. It's hilarious.
Minority trump supporters will be big this election. So many are fucking big trump supporters, like I've never seen for a 'republican candidate'
Warren is anti big bank and anti big tech. There's no way the DNC will allow that.
Funny part was how Tim Ryan was speaking truth about Afghanistan and she was like uhh no
Oh, that will be during the presidential debate, not this low life gathering hahaha
Oh no I actually like his moderate and sensible stance as well, I just know it's nothing the democratic party are going to appreciate.
Mhmm, the US is currently sucking Iran's dick. Check it out

https://pics.me.me/iran-wants-war-turkmenistan-mashhad-afghanis-iran-arabia-look-how-13896038.png

What happened to America First?
NooooooOooOooooOooooo

(Faps forlornly)

Love this quarantine
So what do you want differently?
Thanks. I had to honor Hillary in some way...that evil, corrupt, greedy bitch.
Yeah of course.  That's what people are thinking when lynching is mentioned.
ok then broseph.
Try out Sync
LMAo
Oh thanks..
Maybe. I think the plan is to push Kamala still, and Warren is plan B.
It definitely has to be a woman, tho. That's for sure.
I know the root word, just didn’t think that was the spelling
I knew I hadnt spelled thay right somehow.
His eyes go in different directions like a fish on peyote. Love how he said he lives in a poor neighborhood lmfao. The 10 trillion dollar house in harlem.
You're welcome. Would have given you mine but not sure it was the same.
Ah, okay. I see where you're coming from. If I was a democrat I'd probably vote for Tulsi because I think she's the least crazy of them all. But I'm all in for Trump2020.
Fair enough, I get it.

Anyway, she is too robotic. She doesn't stand a chance if she doesn't change. Beto is the opposite end of the scale, way too emotional (even worse since it's rehearsed--oh I'm super sad, hold up let me just get ready to be sad and please be ready to feel sad for me)

She has a few good issues, but many the establishment doesn't want people to care about. Also, because of this, she has to be super persuasive in the debates--the two seconds she's getting screen time. She's not doing it imo. 

Limited exposure means you have to blow people away. She's not doing it. She could, but she won't. It seems like that would be too much of a change. Many people she could call out on various issues, show herself as more bi-partison, but she isn't. If she ramps it up, sure, but I'm not seeing it.
Sick people. Some actually would attempt something like that, the real leftist crazies. Most, if not all on that stage, were simply script reading and pandering. They'd continue status quo as there predecessor did before.
I think you made good points. I think she was my favorite  on the stage tonight. But still, to run as a Democrat you need to sell out on things and I don't like that.
She appears to be un-buyable (as in, not for sale.) But if she can't be bought she won't ever become the deep state's candidate.
Looking at your post history, your trolling.
I love this board but it’s not the best place to debate the merits of Democrat candidates. This thread was started moreso for shit talking/mockery purposes.
Me too. I'd never vote for anyone but Trump but she seems like a good person. 1/20 isnt good though
This sub is very clear about its purpose. A political rally for president Donald trump.
I noticed that later on.  Can’t get too close to the camera
Oh it's incredibly obvious lmao
Kind of like John Brennan when he spoke Arabic in a speech.  He lived in the Middle East most of his adult life with a job that required interfacing regularly with the population and he spoke Arabic like a retarded 5-year-old with a thick accent. 

The guy is a cro-magnon knuckle dragger and he was the head of the CIA.
Butgig?
Oh they’re all doing it now. Jeb! really missed his moment.
Google told me men can be pregnant is a top search.
[removed]
Que lastima!
Of course not, it just turns out that almost all of the illegal immigrants in America don't speak English. Of those the vast majority speak Spanish exclusively. I'm sure he was just talking to the single digit percentage of Mexican-Americans that don't speak English instead of courting influence in illegal immigrant households.
No. Also use BaconReader.
British Columbia, trust me, I understand moronic provincial governments. 

&#x200B;

I wanted to vote PPC to begin with, however, some of Maxim's points I can't get behind, as well as, I consider myself a social conservative more than an economic libertarian. Which as I'm sure you're aware, the CPC are more social conservative than anything else. 

&#x200B;

The whole "I'm not Trudeau" thing is fair, I kind of wish all the parties would stop with that rhetoric. 

&#x200B;

We're not America, we don't vote for a PM we vote for an MP that then contributes to a larger party. The most MP's forms government and then chooses the PM. So my logic is, I'm voting for the unified conservative party (the one built by Harper) in hopes that the MP that I voted for, as well as the other heavy hitting MPs can get some good motions to the floor. 

&#x200B;

I don't think that Scheer is the best leader of the conservative party, I do however think that the conservative party is the best party to vote for.
Cheers friend!
Lol he’s gone. Too much sense for this stage.
I agree with that completely.  I was just saying she won’t pull hard liner left because she’s too close to the center.  She may not win ever but I think she’s great to have in the american political landscape.
yeah that too is a bigger concern I forgot about
I don’t really think it’s economics. Poor people still have the capacity to understand that rape and murder are wrong. Look at The Great Depression; a lot more poverty and a lot more guns, but they didn’t magically start shooting up public places. Why? They still had a strong moral code and fathers still raised their sons.
somewhere they asked if they were president would they use the gov't to confiscate guns and they all avoided answering... kinda like all the other questions.  I've never seen so much effort to avoid answering questions.
Not over this movement, homie!
You do realize vowels and consonants have different vocalizations in different languages right?
Once you do, you can't unsee it.
Proof I don't even know the bald guys name.
I’m unsubbing, not leaving. I kept a list of all my subs. And I’m staying with the small ones I was strongly apart of.
You really love that phrase "false flags". (Let me guess, the Zimmermann note was a false flag too.)

I am focused on America first, that includes looking at nations that have repeatedly publicly declared that they will wipe us off the face of the earth and murder our closest allies and ensuring that these nations stay honest with not pursuing nuclear arms.
oh yeah the best part of this debate so far was the tulsi exchanged with that other guy. just strait up yelling at each other
RemindMe! 23 hours

I doubt this bot works in a quarrantined dom, but let's see...
You got a guy like Sanders or Spartacus in there and you think Gabbard is the "most extreme"?

Wow...do you even pay attention to anything? Or do you just like being contrary.

Of course I want California to be red again. But it's not going to happen until serious voter fraud investigations and INDICTMENTS begin.
Name one other Democrat that is as anti-war as her?
Reading any book from the past they all note, ' if we had weapons to defend ourselves, would things have been different?'
This thread hahahahhaha
I think psych evaluations by independent shrinks is the best way, but I'm all ears. Shooters always seem to suffer from some mental illness, which doesn't always show up on background checks
Kinda surprising, right? Didn't know that until recently either.
I have Cable, I couldn't find the channel. Thanks. I've been watching and showing flair.. Much Appreciated. 😊
Hey, that's fair man! I'm glad you understand where I'm coming from. Trump is obviously a strong candidate for 2020, so your choice is up to you.
>She has a few good issues, but many the establishment doesn't want people to care about. Also, because of this, she has to be super persuasive in the debates--the two seconds she's getting screen time. She's not doing it imo.  
>  
>Limited exposure means you have to blow people away. She's not doing it. She could, but she won't. It seems like that would be too much of a change. Many people she could call out on various issues, show herself as more bi-partison, but she isn't. If she ramps it up, sure, but I'm not seeing it.

I think this is a very good take. She didn't get much screen time so she needs to ensure she makes the most out of it. Persuasiveness is really what this debate is all about, and I can only hope that she works on it. If she doesn't, shes donezo-- that much is confirmed. 

I'm not sure if she was expecting to get such little time to speak, but knowing that she might not get much time in the future might help her in the future debates.

You make a good point.
I feel you, I've just seen some instances over the years where there was potential for open discussion with both sides of the spectrum. I've gotten myself into some /r/The_Donald memery in the past, so I guess I understand where some of this negativity is coming from. 

In my previous experience, at least until today, I've seen this board be more welcoming to opposing/conflicting and controversial ideas than Politics, World News, etc. 

Felt like the most American subreddit, which sounds weird but I hope it makes sense.
I guess I'll see myself out.
Also an anti-American Muslim.
Butt gig.  That's his gig.  To be the gay candidate.  From South **Bend** Indiana.  With a first name that's slang for "penis".

His name could literally be interpreted as "Dick Buttigieg".  From South Bend.  And he's gay.  We are living in a "Clown World".

Also, in case you didn't get the hot sauce reference:

https://www.thewrap.com/sriracha-gate-hillary-clinton-mocked-mercilessly-for-hot-sauce-comment/
The GUAC!!.....................




and turtles
Jesus, that still bugs me.
Thank goodness that no one is actually doing that.
Yeah man, it’s almost like - we are trying to discourage illegal immigration or something. Plenty of ways to avoid prison and still get into the US. You’re not going to find a ton of sympathy here for prisons, that are setup for illegals, being an uncomfortable environment when we have veterans sleeping on our streets. That’s depraved. Getting a limb blown off for the freedom of the people you’re begging for change from. Let’s fix some more important issues before worrying about the comfort of criminals.
Uf!
My riding doesn't even have a candidate for the PPC party yet  so that's why I'm still on the fence.

&#x200B;

However my riding has also been NDP for about the last 20 years so my vote is basically spoiled regardless, so I would rather give support to the PPC than what I believe is a disconnected Conservative party.
Where in bc? I'm in vic
She'll get the nomination (given the current batch of candidates).
By economics I meant that being in poverty can help the other issues along (something that sadly I am very familiar with). That's not to say that there's a strong correlation, but I think that it is something that can be a powerful factor.
You do realize asking for a KWAZNT' as an native English speaking American makes you look like a faggot right?
All I know is he has a chrome dome
ok, so you're still there but just giving them less data to use?
That happened after my comment hehe. To be fair, she shot down pretty good.
Too bad there isn't a bot that allows you to bet karma.
Coatbot doesn't work anymore...neither does brickbat.
No im implying you want someone that makes Mao look like Gandhi
She wants to give Iran more money so they can buy more weapons.    

She wants a weak America running on Socialism.   

She's a full on retard. Complete Democrat nutjob.   

She's a mess creating more problems. No thanks.
Shooters: ignoring the plethora of inner city shootings, which comprise the vast, vast majority of deaths and violence via guns; there are several provisions that deal with “mental illness”.  In CA and NY I believe, anyone can call a “health check” and have someone’s guns taken away.  

In addition to the mental illness side, almost every shooter dubbed a mass shooter by the media also have been on anti- psychotics, depressants, anxiety or otherwise. 

Background checks are NOT an issue.  It wipes away at your Constitutional right.  So would any of the gun restrictions that are proposed.

Plainly said, no criminal—including those who want to do us harm en masse—would pay attention to or be constrained by any such regulation.
You're very welcome. I'm just reading about what the candidates are saying. I couldn't stomach actually watching it.
Her problem is she also speaks slowly, and like it's going to build up to something big, but it's never a big thing except for maybe leaving wars. She's not engaging enough imo. Trump is 'the big bad boogeyman' at the moment, she needs to be more engaging and genuine. Dems probably feel lost and they'll go to someone like Warrren or Biden just because they're genuine, confident and known.

She also has the advantage of having a very different platform. Perhaps focussing on the war, since others arent, was a strategy to give her more focus and get more attention in the public. If she can speak well and ride out with some good campaign strats, or calling people out, or ... other shit??? idk. Either way she got a lot of attention now, but she needs a lot more from here on out I think.
Great. Take care.
Thats fair, God bless you dude. I hope Ontario prospers under what ever government happens to take office (both Federally and Provincially).
Metro Vancouver, so I'm in the thick of it. I have been pleasantly surprised tho, I know a metric butt ton of people who are entirely opposed to Liberals and are voting Conservative who live in the Metro area. Latest polls as well suggest BC is gonna go blue really hard as well. 

Also, to your green party comment. They're not as bad as the other left leaning parties. Elizabeth May herself suggested that the smartest thing for us to do is pull our own oil out of the ground, and refine it ourselves, while transitioning to a more sustainable fuel. The Greens are opposed to buying bitumen from outside of the country and only want us to use our own. Which I'm honestly on board with %100. 

Polling site I mentioned before btw. 

https://www.calculatedpolitics.com/project/2019-canada-election/
I think they’ve got the deck stacked for warren.  She should get
The nomination but they’ll fuck her over I think.
So does being unable to speak basic German or French tones while knowing a language based in Latin.

No shit some Texan sounds weird speaking French, doesn't mean everyone else has problems with bilingualism.  As well as there being notable differences between American English and Contemporary English, furthering Americans away from their Franco-Germanic roots in English when Contemporary English was already moving far away.

Americans speaking English sounds to us like you hear when you hear an American trying to speak French.
yeah that was the one part of the debate where I was like "wait this isn't insane" which was quite refreshing. to be fair she was the one who served in Iraq and she destroyed "other guy" with her response on the caliphate being there before the iraq war and it'll be there after. maybe not caliphate but ya know radical islam
That hurts. But hey look, another 1k subscribers over the past two hours.
Well then you are absolutely wrong in your characterization. It's not what I said, intended, or even hinted at. I'm looking at a lineup of terrible characters and hoping the least worst wins the nomination so that in the worst case scenario of Trump losing, we aren't stuck with somethin completely terrible.

If you think a different Democrat fits that bill better, then why don't you just say so instead of being a shit head about it?
I'm in shock! Glad we can stick together.
Bless up man! Same to you, good luck with the election! 

&#x200B;

Enjoy some weed this Canada day weekend (if you indulge)!
> I think they’ve got the deck stacked for warren.

Or Biden. Both of them seem to get the lion share of (positive) media coverage, so they're probably setting (one or both of) them up to be the candidate.
Oh I can pronounce "croissant" with a french accent, "tortilla" with a Hispanic accent, and "parmesan" with an italian accent just fine. I just understand that would make me look like a massive douche bag because that's not my accent.
Totally. From what I gather she's gonna have a hard time because she's literally the only one with any semblance of agency in an ocean of NPCs who only care about identity politics (Booker is a black guy, didn't you know?).
The only way he can lose is against a Moderate Democrat. What dont you understand about that? The majority of the voterbase IS NOT as extremist as the contenders, so why would you not want someone who would make them vote for Trump instead (Like what happened with Hillary)
Haven't blazed in four years, but God knows I'm gonna throw back a few beers with the boys down at the lake. Happy Canada day dude.
So you'd say Tor-tilla instead of tor-te-ya?
my favorite part of the debate is where they called the short guy the only Hispanic American on the stage, and Beta just had to stand there despite his numerous virtue signaling attempts by speaking spanish. and no I couldn't tell about Booker, must have been his dreamy blue eyes that threw me off... BARF
I don't understand it because there is no way we actually lose, but if we did, I'd prefer someone who is not crazy as hell. Would you prefer the nuttiest of the bunch wins the nomination and some fuckery goes down and we lose by a hair and are stuck with some crazy socialist as president?

I don't.
Hahahaa!

Yeah it was really... something. Looking forward to seeing all the virtue signalling praise that will ensue.
nice talking to ya boss. you tuning in for tomorrows episode of "lets fuck up the country"?
You too. For sure! Clown World never ends (unfortunately).
ill be at "politics and a pint" at trump national golf course for radio host Chris Plante (a friend of mine) but hopefully I will be back in time to join in the festivities will y'all. hope we cross paths again my fellow pede MAGA
Ah man, that sounds cool. I used to do radio too, it’s super fun. Have a good time, I’ll just be watching at my PC again hehe.
Thank you.  You are welcomed to stay.
Though we may disagree on some things, I will defend to the death your right to say them on social media. Wanna be frens?
The owners of these various social media companies have performed a bait and switch. They opened their doors and said the public was welcome to use their platform, thus creating virtual public squares. Now, that they've got these public squares, they are switching the rules.

They can't have it both ways. We have a Constitution that prevents the public square from being censored. 

Either we fight for our rights or our country's principles are meaningless.
You're welcome, fam. Feel free to disagree. America is becoming less a choice between right and wrong policies, though. It is running to criminalize wrong-think. Thus killing any true philosophic spirit for the sake of not questioning the religious mindset of the liberals.
Thank you for being cool yourself....
Well said- thanks for the support
In case no one else points this out the “comments of a few” are fake, by people working with the people trying to ban us
I have a feeling that all of this censorship by big-tech is going to sway many young people away from associating themselves with leftism, particularly Gen Z. This is based purely on my interactions with my fellow Gen Z'ers and the reception I have seen from them online.

Just like when Alex Jones was mass-censored and received a popularity boost, I expect a similar outcome with T_D.
Thank you, you're welcome. We appreciate your participation in the discussion. We may not agree on everything but I value you as an individual and your right to express yourself.
It would be a boring world if we all thought the same. It's good to have difference of opinions and debate ideas, that's healthy. I've had liberal friends in the past, life moves on and I'm the vintage variety pede, where we could sit and argue the night away over a campfire about social issues and how to solve them, every one of us could identify good points in the conversation regardless of politics. And, we never took it personal. Again, that's healthy conversation. Glad to have you here and you are absolutely correct with the statement 'lack of equality' in the censorship.
We’ve been gaslighted. Guaranteed the FEW comments that got TD quarantined were from PAID SHILLS. IT WAS A SETUP!
Censorship is the biggest issue in our country right now. The economy is rocking, there are plans to fix healthcare, immigration will get solved.  But censorship is extremely dangerous and effects the core values of Americans.  We hope you join the fight and vote TRUMP 2020.
We are here to freely exchange ideas and opinions in a reasonable and civil manner. You are one of those people who can think for themselves. You are always welcome to join in.
We were already hidden from r/all. That's what a quarantine is. They just wanted to put a banner up, kind of like how they edit comments.
Private company prerogative makes sense when it comes to moderating small independent forums. When it's millions of people it turns into part of society, and the companies can't be allowed to exert that kind of biased censoring or they end up with the power to decide elections and public policy.
Welcome, we disagree with civility, learn from each other, and make each other laugh.  The key is that these are the people you want to have a beer with.
Welcome neighbor.  A lot of us used to lean left, and know what "liberal" used to mean.

Regarding the social media companies:  Yes, a private company can host only Lefty content if that's what they want to do.  But that choice makes them a 'publisher', so they must not be exempt from the laws that govern publishers.  Right now they are running a rigged game; they got protection without having to stay neutral.
The larger matter is they're not only going to go after our speech, if you're anywhere right of an socialist progressive they'll silence you. Big Tech absolutely needs some sort of regulation because to actively take away the rights of Americans who should be backed by our constitution and have done absolutely nothing wrong this is complete horse shit.
This is the last line of defense and really the tip of the iceberg. You think it's going to stop with just censorship in social media? There are already banks, payment processors and others that ban people from using them because of their politics. 

If the censorship isn't stopped it will keep snowballing till it reaches the point where people will be unable to buy a house or will be put in prison over wrongthink. The Obama administration already did it to people like Dinesh Dsouza. Other countries like the UK arrest people daily for things they put on facebook. 2020 is the most important election of your life and your liberties are all at stake for it because it's not going to stop with just conservatives.
Wow, no THANK YOU for contributing to our civil discussions. You will always be welcome
Exactly.  This sub is being targeted and to do so they are enforcing double standards.
I'm also fairly left-leaning, but that ended today. Reddit just made me a centipede.
BTW the 2nd Amendment has only been a Dem/Rep issue for a maybe couple decades.  30% of gun owners are Democrats, and they have a strong gun culture, though generally more focused around hunting.  But there are lots of blue states that are very strongly pro-gun rights.
Thanks for posting, and you'll find that many of our members are socially liberal,fiscally conservative, and have low tolerance for BS.  Social media platforms are forums for discussion, topics and ideas.  

Censoring is a slippery slope, as history will tell you.  Often a small group, with seemingly good intentions, will call for the censorship of those ideas they fear.  Being able to directly discuss, debate and perhaps persuade those with differing points of view is a way to remove fear, increase awareness, and allow both parties to find truths - because neither side has the absolute truth.

Shutting down access to this sub is abhorrent, and is part of a larger effort to silence truth.  Shame to Reddit, Google, YouTube and Facebook - as well as others calling for the censorship of our ideas.
same here. I'm more center leaning, but this suppression of the right makes me side with the right, because I've been here a while and this seems unwarranted and the Project Veritas leaks don't help either. The bias is palpable.
welcome!
Thank you for calling out the hypocrisy and speaking out.
If there's no place to share real ideas, just what someone else wants, then how will things ever improve.
Get this potential pede a coat.
Thank you.

I don’t want to live in a world where we all agree on everything, political or otherwise.
Hey, everyone. This guy posts on the\_donald, so his opinion is automatically invalid.
It may be a private company, but if they are censoring people and essentially editing content, they are publishers, and should have the indemnity they enjoy as a platform be removed. They can’t have it both ways. Either open yourself up to bankrupting libel suits, or stop fucking censoring people.
I'm glad you are chillin' with us on this, we need everyone to MAGA. I mean that.
It's greatly appreciated and stick around...a huge percentage of us used to be "left-leaning" too
Thanks Joshamoe!
Unfortunately this is what the left is right now. Everything not communist marxist intersectional feminism is far right and need to be deplatformed and expunged with violence.

The people in authority are buying into this hook, line and sinker. It started in our educational institutions and the cancer spread to our government and legal institutions.
Welcome! You're not alone, there are plenty of like-minded 'pedes here for same reasons.
<3 HUGS <3 for you, joshua9c <3 

Thank you for being the true meaning of Liberal!
guns ARE scary. which is why it should never JUST be the government that has them. if our government has no guns then they will be incapable of defending us from invasion, so they need them, which means we need them. i grew up in one of if not the most liberal city in canada where we aren't allowed them, theres still gang shootings all the time, usually with pistols which aren't generally legal. we still have a higher then average suicide rate. we still have average rapes, and much higher then average muggings/break ins/vandalism. im not saying guns would fix the problems, they bring their own. but they wouldn't make it worse, not by themselves.
Good to have you with us.  In regards to censorship, the issue with social media lies in their Section 230 protections under the Communications Decency Act.  Those protections essentially protect them from any liability from anything posted on their respective sites because they are not publishers.  The problem is that when they are censoring one side of the political aisle to, say for example, influence an election, they are in fact now acting as publishers and their protections should be voided.
We have an election coming, and the Democrats on tap are lack luster. T_D spread memes better than anywhere else on the internet back in '16, and look what tonight was ... the first Dem primary debate.

# When your product is shit, it will only sell if it doesn't have competition

While you may not agree with any of the following "conservative" (ie right of Marx) solutions to the problems we face, some will ... but not if they never see them. Social media's response is not to make a convincing argument and earn the consent of the voters, but to deny voters choice.

* Income inequality? Execs getting rich?

Send a generation to business school to compete down the wages of those positions, and start their own competing business who must offer the rest of us higher wages in order to poach us away from our existing jobs. 

Sending a generation into stem only serves to flood the one market where the relative scarcity of 'labor' actually commands a decent wage. The flood being pushed serves to undo that value, depressing their wages; (a generation into stem rather business schools is a scam to INCREASE income inequality)

* College costs are insane now!

End government backing and issuing of loans. Of course colleges are going to charge whatever when the government will issues loans of any size. Private loans aren't going to issue a loan that won't be repaid, so schools have to go back to charging what their degrees are actually worth.

* Student debt is crushing, some will never get out from under it!

Remove the _illegal_ prohibition from discharging student loan debt through bankruptcy. Common law requires bankruptcy as a guard against permanent indentured servitude, which is exactly what we have now. The risk of bankruptcy is another guard against the issuance of predatory loans, and school prices that require predatory loans to pay for.

* Conditions in detention centers are awful! It's too crowded!

Build the wall. You don't have to stop 100% of illegal crossings. Even a 50% reduction means twice the space and resources for those who do cross, and reducing the wait before they get their hearing. Additionally, if we can serve them sooner, we won't have to release those 'with children' after 20 days, reducing the horrific incentive to steal children that aren't yours to cross along with to gameify the system and get released so you can disappear. The lack of a wall has create a massive surge in child trafficking.

* Global Climate Change

Isn't anthropogenic, but I won't try to convince you of that here. America could cease to exist tomorrow, and nothing will change because we're a drop in the bucket and we've been reducing our emissions for over a decade (and still are).

It's China, always has. And they are only getting worse. I'm serious! 30% of world emissions and _climbing_. They were exempt from any action in the Paris accords (lol).

We should never have offshored our production to a country who lacked the same environmental and labor laws as us. Tarriffing their products until they adopt equivalent standards will bring that production back to countries that abide those standards (such as the US) because they are no longer out competed by the abhorrent cost cutting abuses that see 90% of the plastic in the ocean stemming from 10 rivers in Asia and Africa. Such tarriffs also create the critical incentive in developing countries to adopt their practices to reduce very real pollution (independent of whether or not it's a cause of any warming that may or may not actually be occurring)

You want access to the US market un-tarriffed? Adopt our enviornmental, labor, and IP standards.

----------------

I voted for Trump in '16 because it didn't matter what I felt about his policies, the integrity of our democracy came first, and Hillary was an existential threat to it. Damn near the whole left side of the ailse has taken on that mantle now.

Signed,

Former San Francisco (born and raised) liberal
I found these in only 10 minutes. When does Bad_Cop_No_Donut get it's quarantine?

http://magaimg.net/img/8b8q.png

http://magaimg.net/img/8b8r.png

http://magaimg.net/img/8b8s.png

http://magaimg.net/img/8b8t.png

http://magaimg.net/img/8b8u.png

Please make sure admins and the CEO (as well as media) sees this.
The irony of bitter far leftists decrying so called echo chambers, then setting out on a crusade to legislate the whole world into their own echo chamber. The mental state of these people is an abomination of human decency.
Post history checks out
Welcome, glad to have you here. A good amount of us can hold civil conversations about what we disagree with unlike most subs that reeee and dont let you have a talk. Glad that we can stand together for free speech and I'll also fight along side you if they try to sensor your side because we all should be free to say what we need to and express our ideas as long as they arent hurting someone or calling to do so
> as you could make the case for it being a private company, and therefore able to decide what it allows.

They can do that if they declare themselves as a publisher, but that opens them up to potential liability lawsuits.  As it is, they declare themselves as a platform, but in order to be a platform, they cannot restrict content.  That's the crux of the debate, but I suggest you do your own research into the differences and implications of platforms vs publishers.
RIDICULOUS BULLSHIT
I usually never come to this sub despite being a member, you can expect me to be on here daily from now on.
Thank you for looking into us yourself and not writing us off. Although we may not see eye to eye on everything, I think I speak for us all when I say that we just want to come together and make everyone's lives here better and that's all that matters
I disagree with your politics but I would raise hell and switch sides if my party started actually preventing you from making dissenting arguments.

It is the polar opposite of everything America was ever meant to be. 

If you "win" by employing such methods you've lost everything.
Be careful, saying you support the 2nd amendment could be construed as condoning violence according to leftists.
I was left leaning too in 2015.  The modern left are mind fucked to the extreme and cannot be trusted with power.
I'm a kiwi.

Massive supporter of the 2nd amendment only because it is baked into the constitution in a very prominent position. 2nd.

It is and should be forever a part of the constitution for the following reasons.

Note:this is being written from the vantage point of a NZer with no access to personal protective matters equivalent to such legislation as the stand your ground act in FL.

In NZ we are wholly dependant on police intervention for serious crimes involving guns. If we match the assailants aggression with a gun, or take adverse (excessive) action to protect ourselves we will be prosecuted for murder. The gist is, we could have hid, avoided etc. Me, during an imminent life or death threat, I am expected to wait for police. This is a proposition I am not comfortable with, so I have strategically placed, non-firearm weapons readily available in specific parts of my house.

NZ hasn't much of a gun culture, but we DO HAVE GUN CRIME and however unlikely to a home invasion threat. The cops can suck my dick if they think I'll wait 7 minutes for them to arrive while my family is in potentially immediate danger.

Point is, doesn't matter where you are from, there is a level of risk associated with living in our Western civilisation. Crime is a consequence of our way of life. Not the other way around. It would be a wilful failure on the part of any responsible person to not have a method to defend yourself from an imminent threat.

I have to pray to God I never have to take a knife to a gun fight, but if I do, I'll atleast have a better situational awereness than my perp.
I've always been a supporter of the president but I'm somewhat like you. Very left leaning, whatever that means anymore, when it comes to many things, but I will absolutely never call myself a Democrat in this day and age. Those people are psychotic. They're no longer "for the little guy" keeping big business in check and fighting for workers rights. Now, they're mainly cultural Marxists with their primary concerns being to flood the country with third world immigrants, push transgenderism on children, forcing people into groupthink, eliminating lawful ownership of firearms, using corporate influence to push these culturally Marxist ideas, and silencing anyone who dares to point out the destruction of their ideology. That isn't Democratic it's complete insanity.
I'm super late to this. I have been here for years and I know that my beliefs do not agree with everyone on this sub.but...

 I'm pretty liberal on abortion BUT I don't agree with late term abortions. If you need to make that choice don't do it 6 months into a pregnancy when a baby needs to be chopped and shopped out of a woman. Plan B is a thing.

I'm pretty liberal on supporting our poor and mentally ill. I've seen it first hand when dealing with homeless in the public sector. BUT I don't support handouts to lazy drug addicts(used to be one) who leech off the system and bleeding heart liberals. I also will never support giving tax payer dollars to people who made a conscious choice to illegally cross our borders over homeless vets who served our country.

I am am pretty liberal when it comes to gay rights. What you do in your own home and what sex you love is your business. BUT, when you try to push that there are 47 genders, normalizing transgenderism in children, and the RIGHT for you to push that upon others and our bathrooms... I believe is wrong. I do not base those beliefs on any religious basis(although I am) it is from a stance of science.

I am liberal in the fact that at times people get a shit deck of hands in life and need temporary help to get back on their feet. BUT, I do not support welfare queens and people who abuse the system at the hands of the unfortunate.

I also, always, support hard working people OF ANY COLOR who wish to come to America to Make America Great Again...LEGALLY. America like any other country needs borders to vet and obtain the best of the best to keep this country a land of hardworking, dreaming, and patriotic immigrants. 

I  DO NOT ever, ever, support any infringements on our constitutional rights of the 1st, 2nd, and 4th amendments.

And I wholeheartedly support Donald J Trump because he is the first FUCK YOU to the establishment government that has been fucking over the American people. He is rough around the edges... but you know what? So am I. I don't appreciate pandering, rich, posh-mouth politicians who lie with a smile on their face. 

I am not a racist. I am not a xenophobe. I am not homophobic.

I love this country and I truly believe Donald J Trump does too.
There is plenty of room for all beliefs here, just looking at the policies trump probably would have run as a democrat 20-30 years ago. Just shows how crazy politics is.
It’s a private company. Now bake the fucking cake, bigot.
I mean if they insist they can censor because of it's a private company, then let's remove the Safe Harbor protection since they are not a neutral party anymore.  Let people sue the private companies to keep it in check.  Same with Google, Twitter, and Facebook.  Remove the Safe Harbor protection.  Let the people keep them in check.
Awesome and thanks!

Not sure if the bots are working but give this guy a brick and a coat!
OP, what side of the 2nd amendment are you on ?
The problem is that leftists know they can’t debate with facts, so they just report.

We don’t do that, we just laugh at a leftist’s mental retardation and go on with our lives.

It’s also targeted.

This is a campaign waged by media matters. Why’s that significant? David Brock.

Who also owned Correct the Record and Shareblue... who spent millions of dollars in the 2016 election primaries and general attacking BernieBros and then Trump by paying online shills to sow discord on all Internet forums.

It’s the same people. But like a typical leftist they are lazy and find it just easier to instead of shill en masse with posts like when they took over /politics, now they just report people en masse to get them silenced.

That’s what happened here.
Thank you for your support, we appreciate it.

Friends of the 1st amendment are always welcome here.
Thank you.  Appreciate the sentiment.
Thanks. Well now you know. Welcome to the frontlines. Welcome to the only fight in town. What is the rally cry you might well ask? Freedom. No more no less.
Watch the project veritas video on Google suppression of conservatives, it will make your blood boil

https://gohmert.house.gov/news/documentsingle.aspx?DocumentID=399712
Thank you!
I worry for this country. Glad to see that some of us can still come together in tolerance. I hope more of us learn to do the same.
We're all probably left leaning but they slid the field so far left you look right.
Conservatives lie by lying.  Liberals lie by putting duct-tape over your mouth and threatening you if you take it off

What used to be liberal is now almost conservative
Thank you.
All I can say is...I love you Saul Alinsky, you're rules are in full effect. A true PsyOp warrior.
Thank you for your acknowledgement!  With the kind of exposure that your post has gotten I'm sure there has been some bullshit...maybe not?  If you've gotten some shit I hope you know how quasi-anonymous forums work and that some bullshit is to be had from bad actors.
👌🇺🇸
FWIW, inequitable application of filtering speech towards one political ideology makes a website a decidedly NOT a public forum.

That’s the whole point of legal protections for sites with user generated content.
Beautiful, thank you 💛
It wasn't even a post on here, it was a tweet that made up blatent lies and tagged t_d
Open dialogue is liberal. I respect that. Censorship is leftist scum which I doubt you are. They just call themselves “liberal”
You're also an mma fan and you'll notice most mma fighters are usually conservative or center right.  Liberals are weak people both physically and mentally.  In my jiu jitsu gym I don't know of any hardcore leftists.  Usually conservative.  There is one guy who is a liberal who can probably kick my ass but that's one out of a dozens of other people I know there.  Real men don't buy into modern far left liberalism.  You don't have guys wanting open borders, trans kids and drag queen story time.   This isn't us.
>I hope that he will be a successful president for all Americans.
  
*-Hillary Clinton’s concession speech.*
  
I don’t understand how a citizen of this country can’t feel the same way.
the_donald got done in dirty.
>I've experienced nothing but civility and level-headed discussion. 

lmao
Thank you, have a brick honorary pede
Imo it's what doesn't kill you makes you stronger, cases of censorship like this usually lead to more attention and traffic for the censored thing, anyway.
The issue here that gets muddy is the tech giants set up basically monopolies before going all loony and started targeted half the population.  

Im torn, too, thinking any alphabet owned company and facebook be banned outright from the US. This is an attack on our republic, on our election process. Lead by an ideology rooted in destroying western society. Its tricky.  

I think they need to lose their publishers exemptions. This is political and there needs to be transparency. These places need to register these in kind contributions
My views exactly
Welcome. Check out the difference between a platform and a publisher on the net.  Decide for yourself what category each tech company falls under, and therefor, which protections they should be provided when it comes to self-censorship.
Authoritarians are sidestepping the law through collusion with big tech. They've gone way too far. Stomping all over liberties and attempting to subvert our elections.

This is *treason*. Google, Reddit, Twitter, Facebook, amazon, Netflix, and others are all in on it. They need unprecedented punishment, not simple regulation.
Yo.  I'm 100 percent with you.  I was lifelong liberal until the psychos took over in 2016.  I couldn't beleive the 180 I witnessed.  It still astounds me today.  I have'nt changed much, but they have gone full Soviet.  Its sad really.  Well. Anyways a big WELCOME!
Today...it's this...tomorrow its the person against who win the Democratic nomination..
My man. Thank you. You have the light in you.
Thank you good, kind sir.
Anti censorship shouldn't be a left-right issue.  I think people from all sides of the political spectrum should see this as total garbage.
I'd get you a coat, but...
Not to mention all the twisted porn sub reddits that are perfectly OK to them.
I'm honestly amazed I found a way back in here; came on reddit last night and everything was gone.
Me no likey = Quarantine subreddit!
If Trump had a (D) next to his political party affiliation, and maybe had a darker shade of skin color, you libtards wouldn't stop kissing his ass now.
Thank you for the support. This is only the start of big tech censorship.
True liberals can't accept defeat, they are the kids in T-ball that don't high five the winning team and play poor sport and cry, you aren't a true liberal cause you showed up here bro.
Just for fun, if not banned already, post a conservative article on redacted. Than just sit back and watch the vitriol pour forth. Anything from Fox, or Epoch Times, or Washington Times. The hive mind really hates the Spygate material.

When you report the offenses, at best the troll's comment is removed, they will not be banned (though it a conservative speaks offensively = immediate ban).

If you complain to the admin about the bias, they ignore you, and the mods on redacted then ban you.
This is the same talking point as any of the publishers that pretend top be platforms.. you say this one sentence on e them \[Kill and fuck all white people I hope they die.\]   this is okay on those platforms.. you replace one word \[white\]  with ANY of these words \[black, Muslim, Israel, immigrant\]  - you are banned and a racist, bigot, xenophobe.

&#x200B;

MUSLIM ISNT A FUCKING RACE ASSHOLES!
Literally every leftist subreddit that I have been on from politics to worldnews to latestagecapitalism and  dozens of others have explicitly called for violence against Trump and his family members and Trump supporters and get they face zero penalty.
Lefty-ish here too - I like T\_D because it is legit funny and some of the memes convey interesting points/thoughts.

&#x200B;

I can't say I've been on reddit long, but from what I've seen, this sub is far from the far-right-neo-nazi-violent sub that the far-left (i.e. seemingly the rest of reddit) make it out to be.  

&#x200B;

And this ban is bullshit.  I subscribed to this sub - clearly I'm interested to see the content - why did I have to type the URL in manually to see something I conscientiously chose to see?

&#x200B;

Seems they're purely scared of the things I mentioned in my first paragraph above.
Dont believe a word of that violence and cop bullshit.
funny, but my experience with this sub is total opposite. reading the comment section of a lot of these post seem to incite some sort of violence toward whoever people or group they are mad about. sorry but im glad this sub is quarantined. so much toxic people here and mods let it happen.   


dont like this happened? well i guess its time for one of yall to nut up and create a website of your own. simple as that. this is a private company who can do what they want with their site. this community has been toxic since the day it was started.
Half of what drew me here was the fact I could disagree with someone without smarmy vitriol and getting called childish names

Edit: shameless plug for James OKeefe https://gohmert.house.gov/news/documentsingle.aspx?DocumentID=399712
For as long as we have a couch, he can chill on it with us.
This guy can stay! Get him a coat!
It's weird how you never see non-leftists demanding that people get banned from places.
you put it better than me. social media has been the platform for the free exchange of ideas in this new era, so the censorship of these forums is essentially the censorship of ideas.
Great way to put it
Agreed. I would use the precedent from Marsh v. Alabama (1946).
Simple.  Just remove the Safe Harbor protection and see how them squirm.
They've lobbied and relied on building legal precedence on being platforms and not publishers. Can't have it both ways, silicon valley!
Would be funny if there was an ISP ballsy enough to throttle or block some of these websites, for nothing more than just to prove a point.
Then the legal system is pretty much shitty when it comes to forcing these companies to be a real platform as the google/YouTube lawsuit shows
Not only did they say that they are public forums, but they are legally classified as such and save billions every year in legal hassle.
I think you must be right. Otherwise, "the few" would have been banned, not 750,000+ Quarantined for doing nothing wrong.
well I'm gen-Z as well, and i'd say that conservatism is currently a counterculture among people our age. when you tell young people they can't do something, what do you think is the first thing they will do?
The people censoring is cannot keep shit of their streets.
> immigration will get solved.

The president can't do it all himself and I am not sure the Dems will deal at all, it may take until we take the house back in 2020 before it gets fixed.
I sometimes come to see what conservatives think. And most of the time is just see bullshit but that's on me for being mostly on the left. But I have to agree a little with reddit. I saw some really weird shit in this sub. I just hope the mods can handle it.
This is what thought would happen tonight, and we would magically start supporting the groupthinkers, lol.
Everyone will be too poor to care about or use their services. How is that a good business strategy? They are supposed to be in business to make money. Nothing else.
I miss the coat bot.  What did it ever do to deserve such treatment?  :(
But wait, you just posted that on the_donald too... so what you said is invalid too
People are withdrawing from TV and online media. Most people in my own family have. They are kind of shell-shocked about the failed coup and the lack of laws to punish it. They watch sports, but that's about all except older movies.
FOR THE LOVE OF GOD GET THIS PATRIOT A BRICK! THAT'S 146108 BRICKS HANDED OUT!

We are at 20.5791221632628073305486464% of our goal to BUILD THE WALL starting from Imperial Beach, CA to Brownsville, Texas! Let's make sure everyone gets a brick in the United States! For every Centipede a brick, for every brick a Centipede!

At this rate, the wall will be 1606.60998275801025079224496 MILES WIDE and 428.175925654838233107647676 FEET HIGH by tomorrow! DO YOUR PART!
When people have to hurl insults at you during a discussion instead of an idea, that’s when you know you’ve won.
You better agree with my opinions or you can just get the hell outta here!

*Vigorously shakes own fist*
We fight with words, facts, and ideas. They just fight with feelings.
How dare you offer a sensible position, in a polite and well respected manner? What are you, some kinda really nice and polite person who respects the opinions of others, no matter how different?

In all seriousness, it's crazy how intolerant the tolerant left is when it comes to speech and ideas. It's like they are afraid or something.
Yup, had an outspoken lib from my home town that I kept on FB for a differing point of view. Claimed to want discussion. I would only post things I could back up with neutral or left leaning sourcing, and was frequently called all sorts of things... 

I gave up when I cited a Forbes article about the results of the tax cut and was called out for sourcing freaking Forbes! Then posted a .gov site and they didnt like that either. Fast forward a week and Im trying to have a civil discussion about the border and they're citing cheech and chong movies and wikipedia. 

Hey guys, if you are on the same side of an issue as cartels and trafficers, you might want to take a step back and think about your position. 

"Dont call me a cartel sympathizer you \_\_\_\_\_!" 

Yea Im Done!
Also without getting banned.
We are glad to have you here. We like good, healthy debate. That's what American and our Freedom of Speech is supposed to be like.
On the other lefty subs if you disagree and post about it all you get is NPCs hyucking at you.
Because of the Constitution
W
E
I
R
D
Only trannies from the little girls room.
I mean I've seen some demanding that, but its relatively rare.
Come on now, be intellectually honest. We ban people here allll the time in TD if they have opposing viewpoints that don't agree with Trump and shout them down with calls of "shill" if they are going against the hivemind at the moment.
And they argue it's a private company.

But what would they say if Comcast shut off your internet because you didn't agree with the CEOs politics?

They seem to be intentionally blind to the censorship because it helps them in the short term
[Marsh vs. Alabama](https://www.casebriefs.com/blog/law/constitutional-law/constitutional-law-keyed-to-chemerinsky/the-structure-of-the-constitutions-protection-of-civil-rights-and-civil-liberties/marsh-v-alabama/) seems to be applicable. If access to company property is provided to the public, you can't violate the public's Constitutional rights.
Best precedent. Those justices were really smart.
*7.5M

(This comment is not a violent comment suggesting or promoting self-harm or other forms of violence, and in fact, looks upon such ideas as shameful)
Conservative is the new punk.
There are many, many young pedes here. It's a wonderful thing that you think for yourselves and seek out the truth from both sides.
I wonder if conservatism is the majority in gen-Z, though. I know schools are brainwashing, so I wouldn't be surprised if only like 25% are conservative.

(This comment is not a violent comment suggesting or promoting self-harm or other forms of violence, and in fact, looks upon such ideas as shameful)
...but I just posted *that* on the donald, so it's invalid too...and so is this...
Love ad hominems.
Or when they resort to the argument of authority. Or when they deflect. Or when they cover their face. Or when they advocate for violence.

The list goes on.
Literally me "debating" at CTH today. Dealing with rabid dogs/children.
☝️ disregard this person's opinion, *they post in* **T_D** 

\*clutches pearls\*
Careful, man.  That's over the line.  You cant even move in here.  Someone gonna write a story about you.  Then we gonna get banned.
They base their political views on feelings.  That is the issue.

I try to hammer this home with every single liberal I speak with.  Politics is the mind and has nothing to do with emotion.

That is the basic difference between the left and right.
Even on Facebook I've had longtime friends call me terrible names while disagreeing with me. It's like they can't control themselves and have a discussion. Literally childish
Praise the 1st amendment.
shill!
> (This comment is not a violent comment suggesting or promoting self-harm or other forms of violence, and in fact, looks upon such ideas as shameful)

Using this from now on. Genius! https://i.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/020/925/4dchesss.JPG
Only instead of dressing in studded bra elets, and green mohawks, while drinking 40's and spray painting anarchy symbols in abandoned warehouses, we get jobs and share classical values.  And THAT'S the counterculture, how far things have gotten..
Well here in the Netherlands, people my age (15) are most of the time pretty liberal/left. But I don't know about the US. Teachers are in my experience most of the time on the left. But thats probably a side effect of the kind of people that teaching attracts. But I don't think brainwashing really exists in schools. Atleast in the Netherlands. I saw some really shitty US school books.
Stack overflow: core dump
Don_ception
Um, that's MA'AM
More joking here than name calling.  We like to have fun here ;)
I bring mad hominems
My cousin put up a post on FarceBook that said something like, "If you're a Trump supporter, how can you defend a man who said, "They let you grab 'em by the pussy?""  So I bit and replied that the key word here was "let" as in "ALLOW" and I had no problem with someone who acts human. Well, he didn't like that answer because he called me deplorable and unfriended me. Hahaha!
Same here. They are so vicious.
Praise the first Ten
Thanks for Proving my point!  I support the GEOTUS but also recognize that the previous poster's point that only leftists ban people from places is ridiculous. 

How can he say that when TD bans anyone who isn't wholly supportive of Trump?

Don't get me wrong I love TD, but pretending it is a free an open discussion place for people of different viewpoints is just silly. It is a 24/7 Trump rally and anything else will get you banned.
You made me laugh!! It never gets old.
yeah at first I was intimidated because I had a bias as to how people here were, then I realised its for fun! Serious topics but people here like to have fun to lighten the mood - it works, lots of people have stayed and changed their minds.
One less Christmas present to buy
u right u know that kek
Welcome, have a coat, unfortunately they killed our coat bot, but have one anyway. Be prepared to be banned from a bunch of subs just from posting here.
Welcome patriot! I think the vast majority of us on here cannot wait to reset political discourse. There's a lot prejudice out there and one of the things we're grappling with is the far left labelling all conservatives as bigots without seeing the irony in that.
I didn't vote last election, I felt like I didn't like either choice so I opted out. When Trump won I certainly got a chuckle and was thinking that it certainly would be a monkey wrench in the political machine and one way for people to show their disapproval of the swamp.  


Now after seeing how Trump handles himself in this media cesspool, how chill and smart he is and how he basically has done everything he said he would do in his run for president, I will say the man has earned my vote next election and he WILL get me to vote, not only for him, but for Republican down the line. These weaksauce Dem's and their left politics will be the end of this country.
I think there's a pretty good sized contingent of us older folks on here. Hey, it's a state of mind anyway, Trump is in his 70s and going strong!
God bless you! I mean it!

Have a coat.
I'm a Grandpa, so yours and my (if I had one) white beards are welcome.  I appreciate your open mind to look at accomplishments and ignore the main stream media who are haters and spread propaganda in order to advance their personal political desires.

I hope to see you post more often and hope you convince family and friends to join us on the Trump train.
Welcome!  And MAGA!
Welcome. You picked a good day to hop on the Trump Train. There will be lots of entertainment from the debate tonight.
I've never voted for a GOP candidate in my life, except for arnie for governor twice.  

I voted for Hillary in 2016.  

They told me if Trump won, it would be the end of the world.  Trump won, the world is safer and America is more prosperous.  

Trump is doing a good job.  When most people vote, it comes down to two things: 

1) is there an unpopular foreign war or conflict going on?  

How many has Trump been involved in?  How many US service men and women have lost their lives with him as President?  

2) how is the economy?  

Never been better.  When they don't have these 2 issues, that most people actually care about, to hit him over the head with, they know they're losing and losing makes people insecure which drives them to crazy, deranged heights.  

They've quarantined /r/the_donald because they believe they will lose, and they are desperately trying to avoid it.  

I can't be a party to this anymore.  "Orange man bad" is NOT a platform.  

I've been watching the democrats, hoping to see some sign of growth, hoping to hear someone with some good ideas.  

When you censor your opponent, you don't prove they are liars, you only tell the world that you fear what they might say.  

I'm voting for Trump in 2020, I'm fed up and I've had it up to here with this bullshit.
I'm glad, but geez it sure does take a lot of effort to get people to support free speech and to understand that identity politics are racial politics by a different name.

But I suppose that's why we invented the word normies.
GET THIS MAN A COAT!
Welcome aboard patriot. Happy to have you join us in the fight to MAGA.
I have a brown and white beard, peed! Welcome home.
God bless you and thanks for the kind words. Also watch out for the train - got no brakes. Thank you sir
Damn it, that was beautiful.  They may have taken away our bots, but have this 🧥 and a couple 🧱 because there are no brakes on this 🚂.  Welcome aboard!!
Great post, you absolutely nailed it. Welcome aboard friend
My dad is 87 years old.

He is a lifelong Democrat, though he voted for third party candidates in some elections.

During 2016 he did a 180 degree turn and is completely on the Trump Train.

Welcome to the Big Tent.

Express yourself.

E pluribus unum
Welcome. It's bizarre when you finally see it, isn't it?

I sat out 2016 because I couldn't wrap my mind around voting Republican.

Trump has easily earned my 2020 vote.

The Kavanaugh debacle guarantees I'm not voting Democrat in 2024. No idea who I'm voting for, but not the party that did that.

The Nick Sandmann/Covington Catholic debacle guarantees I'm not voting Democrat in 2028. To hell with any party that'd attack a minor for just standing there smiling.

And the campaign season doesn't even really start until tonight. Please stop, guys...
I try to think of myself as a tough cookie, but damn if onions aren't being cut around here at all these stories of patriots joining the ranks. T_D welcomes pedes of all ages, races, religions, whatevers as long as you want to MAGA equally for all of our citizens!
>they could print a headline saying the sun comes in the East and I'm going to double check it for myself.   

journalism as us old folks used to know it has mostly disappeared and been replaced by leftist activism disguised as journalism; it's sad state of affairs but there are a few corners on the internet where you can also get to see the other side; TD of course being the biggest one (which is why they try to destroy it)
Better late then never. Welcome to the party, you are in for a great ride.
I come for the memes, I stay for the satire.

Welcome 👍 👌
Santa has a white beard and a red hat and he's ok with me.  You'll be fine here, too.
Whatever you identify as the problem, the solution isn't what the Dems are selling.

* Income inequality? Execs getting rich?

Send a generation to business school to compete down the wages of those positions, and start their own competing business who must offer the rest of us higher wages in order to poach us away from our existing jobs. 

Sending a generation into stem only serves to flood the only market where execs actually have to pay a decent wage, depressing their wages as well (a generation into stem rather business schools is a scam to INCREASE income inequality)

* College costs are insane now!

End government backing and issuing of loans. Of course colleges are going to charge whatever when the government will issues loans of any size. Private loans aren't going to issue a loan that won't be repaid, so schools have to go back to charging what their degrees are actually worth.

* Student debt is crushing, some will never get out from under it!

Remove the _illegal_ prohibition from discharging student loan debt through bankruptcy. Common law requires bankruptcy as a guard against permanent indentured servitude, which is exactly what we have now. The risk of bankruptcy is another guard against the issuance of predatory loans, and school prices that require predatory loans to pay for.

* Conditions in detention centers are awful! It's too crowded!

Build the wall. You don't have to stop 100% of illegal crossings. Even a 50% reduction means twice the space and resources for those who do cross, and reducing the wait before they get their hearing. Additionally, if we can serve them sooner, we won't have to release those 'with children' reducing the horrific practice of stealing children that aren't yours to cross with to gameify the system and get released. No wall has create a massive surge in child trafficking.

* Global Climate Change

Isn't anthropogenic, but I won't try to convince you of that here. America could cease to exist tomorrow, and nothing will change because we're a drop in the bucket and we've been reducing our emissions for over a decade (and still are).

It's China, always has. And they are only getting worse. I'm serious! 30% of world emissions and _climbing_. They were exempt from any action in the Paris accords (lol).

We should never have offshored our production to a country who lacked the same environmental and labor laws as us. Tarriffing their products until they adopt equivalent standards will bring that production back to countries that abide those standards (such as the US) because they are no longer out competed by the abhorrent cost cutting abuses that see 90% of the plastic in the ocean stemming from 10 rivers in Asia and Africa. Such tarriffs also create the critical incentive to adopt their practices to reduce very real pollution (independent of whether or not it's a cause of any warming that may or may not actually be occurring)

---------

Any other liberal hot button 'problems' that I didn't include the obvious "conservative" solutions to?
Same thing happened to me my friend. Over the last year especially its really become clear that the left and the media are unfairly targeting, and will do anything to take down, the president. Ive never seen anything like it in my lifetime
There's no shame in getting fooled when you're up against the most refined and powerful propaganda engine in human history... Only in being unwilling to face facts when you see through the lies. Hell of a job breaking the conditioning, and welcome aboard.
[removed]
Welcome to a subreddit devoted to positivity and love instead of negativity and hate, have a coat sir
We're glad you're joining us. Welcome!
It took you too long, but welcome!
welcome, pede. service guarantees citizenship
Welcome Aboard the Trump Train and This Train Has No Brakes!
welcome!  so many people have done this!
Welcome.
Welcome aboard friend.
WalkAway people, and MAGA with us, and the Great Donald Trump!!
Welcome home
White beard, black beard, rainbow beard - I don’t care; welcome aboard!
WELCOME!
Thank you and welcome aboard.
I wear my hat to work all the time
>I get how the man negotiates. Most folks who have had to run a company have met guys like him. You think you're the one playing him for a sucker, but when all is said and done, you realize he walked away with the best of it. You think it's all bluster, so you miss the keen mind underneath. 

I'm still looking for the way to open people's eyes to this. This was the key for me. I thought Trump was wacky, but he kept succeeding and I didn't get, so I learned about this, and ever since it all makes sense. I tried to share my epiphany with others, but people so resistant to it, and I don't know how to get around it. They're just allergic to the idea that Trump isn't an idiot.
“an old” - reminds me of the mr. show sketch. anyway, welcome aboard
Welcome and thank you!
Welcome Patriot! Jump on in the [Trump Mobile](https://magaimg.net/img/7dgl.png)
Welcome! We're glad you came around, no matter how long it took! 😁
Welcome! You're a pede now! It used to be a lot more fun with all the customizations and bots, but we still have our sense of humor and top-shelf memes.
Welcome.
Welcome friend.
Have a coat!
Welcome! MAGA on!
We have a name for YOUR kind ...

Elderpede.

Welcome aboard whole heartedly
Welcome aboard, my friend. Glad you saw through their smoke and mirrors.
Choo choo, muthafucka!
> I get how the man negotiates.

After the 2016 election I bought *The Art of the Deal*.  Everything I had heard about it was exactly right:  it is a roadmap to how GEOTUS thinks and operates.  All of his negotiations and interactions with Democrats as well as (hostile and allegedly allied) foreign leaders are perfectly understandable and to some extent predictable within the context of the playbook that this window into his mind provides.
You have a white beard?! Jealous. Welcome!
Welcome aboard!
[Welcome](https://www.deviantart.com/tommo2304/art/Pepe-Waccabrada-Sternritter-Encyclopedia-637354918).
I may not have a white beard, yet, but I think I speak for all us pedes when I say welcome and we've been saving a spot for you! Now it's time to KAG!
“When you tear out a man's tongue, you are not proving him a liar, you're only telling the world that you fear what he might say.” - George R. R. Martin
Add another one to the list. After about a year of hearing how terrible this place was I decided to witness it first hand. It's been at least a year, still haven't found the racism. I never commented out of fear of being banned elsewhere, but fuck it now. It was a mistake to give them that much leverage to begin with.
Yea I'm not even from the US but decided to join after what I saw and read. Here in Brazil we deal with this kind of censorship disguised as "fighting hate speech and whatever else they call" from the leftists on the daily aswell.
Bruh I’m a classic liberal and TD has always welcomed me here. It’s pretty much come down to free speech issues. There’s nothing less liberal than shutting someone up.

The DNC doesn’t even try to hide that they’re intending to cheat next year. The primaries tonight we’re almost exclusively in Spanish.
Welcome to the new Punk
All aboard!!!
Welcome friend!
We already MAGA. Now it's time for KAG
The GOOD NEWS for you??

We actually *prefer* pedes with white beards....  :)

A sincere WELCOME, my brother!!

We are very glad to have you here.   Welcome HOME.
Maga!
I voted for Obama for his first term.  I regarded myself as a liberal until about 2012, and then "became" an independent.  Let's MAGA together!  TRUMP 2020
I'm kind of in the same boat.  I voted reluctantly for Trump in 2016 but will vote emphatically for him in 2020.  The media has blatantly shown that they really are the bad guys and I basically want them to lose no matter what.
Good job and thank you for sharing this!! 👍 You will never regret your decision 🤩, if you want to know the TRUTH you definitely can't find it on the news nowadays. You are in the **RIGHT** place. 😎  Welcome aboard, my friend!! 🎉🎉
I'm a white beard also, we welcome all that want to MAGA and keep it that way
Welcome! I think you'll enjoy this subreddit.
welcome to the quarantine! We're all sick with reality here. What are you in for?
Let's KEG bro.

Keep America Great
We love pedes of all races, colors and creeds. Bring it on and lets continue to make america great.
#CENTIPEDE
Get this man a coat. It will be taken from him soon by the admins, sadly. We need a contingency plan, fast. And not voat.
Liberals can not silence Patriots!
Welcome aboard fellow Pede! Give this patriot a coat!!!
I have a goatee that goes in a weird gradient from black to red. And I'm not even American, but I'm with you until the end. This affects the whole world, and people outside the USA are completely brainwashed by mass media since everything comes from ABCNNBCBS.
Forget the white beard, you know you are literally a nazi now even if you are Jewish or black...like literally.  Everyone I disagree with is literally Hitler literally.
I’m in a similar boat. Didn’t vote for Trump but I’ve come around and am fully MAGA for 2020.
You are a Patriot!
Welcome brother, this is a fight worth fighting
Welcome pede!
The pattern is the same. They shut down opposing voices "for the greater good".

No no.. we have freedom of speech. No one is shutting down anything.

God bless the United States of America.
Welcome aboard the Trump Train! You're never too old for anything, in my opinion.
A most sincere welcome, sir! It's time that we put an end to this game of lying to the public to sway opinion. That's not what America is meant to be. I am so very glad to have read this. This just gave me hope for the future!

I'll be wearing my hat along side you.
My good man, not only do we not mind pedes with white beards, we *love them.* 

Welcome aboard. Make sure you hold on tight, because on this train we've got **NO BRAKES!**
Welcome. You'll find we're not what *they* say we are.
America first. Trump won’t be manipulatived by the deep state war mongering pieces of shit.
We are so glad you are here!
Welcome to the correct choice, there are many of us here in the same boat.

You know who regrets being a Trump supporter? NO ONE. 

No one has decided to stop supporting Trump since the last election but many have decided to start.
he choose... reality.
I like they way you explain your perspective.  Reeks of wisdom :)
# <3 !YaY ::BOB:: YaY! <3
Welcome!!
yes... you may now adopt me.
>When the Russian stuff came out, I figured where there's smoke there's fire. Must be something wrong with the man.

Don't know if you've already seen that one. It just melts on the tongue! https://youtu.be/5qSPA9WRJec
Welcome. We will walk the road of Glory together come 2020.
Reddit is becoming a police state!
holy shit you are fantastic
Welcome friend!
If give you a coat a brick or a ride on the 🚆 but apparently that was all fucked today. Instead I give you a great big welcome to the truth. Look around we are not as fucked as they would have you believe.
Right on brother.
Hey bud- thanks for making this post. 

Of the few years i’ve been here- yes it’s about President Trump killing it every day. But this really is a safe place where peeps can get straight news and express how they feel.
I ordered my KAG hat today. More concerned about that than ever coming out as bi lol
You sir are welcome on this train.  Be advised, it has no brakes and we are only gaining speed.
Welcome pede!
wtf they killed the coat bot too?!?!!?
FOR THE LOVE OF GOD GET THIS PATRIOT A COAT! 

THATS 205,000ish COATS HANDED OUT!


We are 30.24% of our goal to coat the 677,??? great people of Detroit, Michigan. Let's make sure everyone gets a coat in the United States! For every Centipede a coat, for every coat a Centipede! This bot was created by devious1087, feedback always welcome.
I was nervous about posting before, but today has changed the game entirely for me. I am seriously afraid that freedom of speech is becoming extinct, so I'll speak while I can.
##**FOR THE LOVE OF GOD GET THIS PATRIOT A COAT! THATS 205,500 COATS HANDED OUT!**

We are 23.76% of our goal to coat the 864,816 great people of San Francisco, California. Let's make sure everyone gets a coat in the United States! For every Centipede a coat, for every coat a Centipede!
GET THIS MAN A COAT AND A BRICK!
**FOR THE LOVE OF GOD GET THIS PATRIOT A COAT! THATS 205,503 COATS HANDED OUT!**

We are 68.8% of our goal to coat the 298,695 great people of Anchorage, Alaska. Let's make sure everyone gets a coat in the United States! For every Centipede a coat, for every coat a Centipede!

This bot was created by devious1087, feedback always welcome. [Meme Reference!](https://youtu.be/OiYVVT1aQFM)  


^(coat bot is feeling under the weather, so coats distribution will be performed on a volunteer basis.)
Here's some secret info for the new people. People reading this, feel free copying and pasting this in various posts to spread. Send it to liberals your arguing with online and friends and family in real life, and maybe they will come around, maybe not immediately, but will cause them to think, and eventually they will come around. This is where all this Leftist cray comes from:

In the early 1900s, a group at the Frankfurt School developed Critical Theory to convert the West to Communism

Basically, the Frankfurt School plan was to undermine the legacy of Western Civilisation. They called for the most negative destructive criticism possible of every sphere of life to de-stabilize society and destroy what they saw as the 'oppressive' order.

They hoped their policies would spread like a virus--'continuing the work of the Western Marxists by other means' as one of their members noted.

To further the advance of their 'quiet' cultural revolution - but giving us no idea about their plans for the future - the School recommended (among other things):

1. The creation of racism offences.
2. Continual change to create confusion
3. The teaching of sex and homosexuality to children
4. The undermining of schools' and teachers' authority
5. Huge immigration to destroy identity.
6. The promotion of excessive drinking
7. Emptying of churches
8. An unreliable legal system with bias against victims of crime
9. Creating dependency on the state or state benefits
10. Control and dumbing down of media
11. Encouraging the breakdown of the family

One of the main ideas of the Frankfurt School was to exploit Freud's idea of 'pansexualism' - the search for pleasure, the exploitation of the differences between the sexes, the overthrowing of traditional relationships between men and women. To further their aims they would:

\*attack the authority of the father, deny the specific roles of father and mother, and wrest away from families their rights as primary educators of their children.

\*abolish differences in the education of boys and girls

\*abolish all forms of male dominance - hence the presence of women in the armed forces

\*declare women to be an 'oppressed class' and men oppressors

Following Adolf Hitler's rise to power in 1933, the Institute left Germany for Geneva, before moving to New York City in 1935, where it became affiliated with Columbia University.
I have a feel that there will be a number of us out there. So many, that the shrieking in November will be deafening.
Glad you have seen the light.  In 20 years we will need to start voting democrat.  

The pendulum swings both ways....  something I’ve never been able to make a single democrat understand.

spez: currently our system and society is so far left that we are actually in danger of losing America.  Not sure how we got to this point but thank god we have the one person as President who can potentially right the ship.
Lady elderpede here. There are a lot of us here.
As a fellow Grandpa myself, you got it. I know I won't be convincing my daughter in law, but that's fine. We learn more by our actions than by sermons.

Like this board, I'll just fight the happy fight, and leading by example.
Welcome my friend!
It's like hopping on the roller coaster at the top of the first lift hill!
Amen. I'm so sick of the democrats. What's happening in California is a disaster as well.
 I don't blame people that are pulling away from the horrific reality that the Democrats tried a fake coup, but we might not have any laws to prosecute them with. Our Federal Government is more rinky dink than we realized. We have another FBI Director that is just like the others, but he hasn't been fired! There are states and courts that just do whatever they want, even if the voters are against it. My other family members can't deal with the Democrats and the fake news, so they have shut it down. Most of what they watch is sports. They will go vote for Trump again, but this daily frustration is too much.
**FOR THE LOVE OF GOD GET THIS PATRIOT A COAT! THATS 205,501 COATS HANDED OUT!**

We are 68.8% of our goal to coat the 298,695 great people of Anchorage, Alaska. Let's make sure everyone gets a coat in the United States! For every Centipede a coat, for every coat a Centipede!
#**WE JUST CAN'T STOP WINNING, FOLKS! THE TRUMP TRAIN JUST GOT 10 BILLION MPH FASTER!**
#**CURRENT SPEED: 324,809,385,117,000 MPH!**
At that rate, it would take approximately 5.166 years to travel to the Andromeda Galaxy (2.5 million light-years)!
Get that man a brick!
This is the spirit of T_D and all the $oro$ trolls in the world cannot destroy it.
Never thought about it like this but YES! We welcome white beards,red hats and all Patriots who want to MAGA
Here is a another write up worthy of incorporation of your list. 
https://www.zerohedge.com/news/2014-07-03/cloward-piven-strategy-being-used-destroy-america
**FOR THE LOVE OF GOD GET THIS PATRIOT A COAT! THATS 205,000-ish COATS HANDED OUT!**

We are 68.8% of our goal to coat the 298,695 great people of Anchorage, Alaska. Let's make sure everyone gets a coat in the United States! For every Centipede a coat, for every coat a Centipede!  [Meme Reference!](https://youtu.be/OiYVVT1aQFM)

^(\*coat bot is feeling under the weather, so coats distribution will be performed on a volunteer basis.)
**FOR THE LOVE OF GOD GET THIS PATRIOT A COAT! THATS 205,000-ish COATS HANDED OUT!**

We are 68.8% of our goal to coat the 298,695 great people of Anchorage, Alaska. Let's make sure everyone gets a coat in the United States! For every Centipede a coat, for every coat a Centipede!  [Meme Reference!](https://youtu.be/OiYVVT1aQFM)

^(\*coat bot is feeling under the weather, so coats distribution will be performed on a volunteer basis.)
You have true Courage <3  Thank You!
**FOR THE LOVE OF GOD GET THIS PATRIOT A COAT! THATS 205,502 COATS HANDED OUT!**

We are 68.8% of our goal to coat the 298,695 great people of Anchorage, Alaska. Let's make sure everyone gets a coat in the United States! For every Centipede a coat, for every coat a Centipede!

This bot was created by devious1087, feedback always welcome. [Meme Reference!](https://youtu.be/OiYVVT1aQFM)  


^(coat bot is feeling under the weather, so coats distribution will be performed on a volunteer basis.)
yup and the brick bot
They strip the sub naked when they put it in quarantine.
And they think WERE the violent ones! RIP Coat Bot. :'(
F
What the fuck does a coat bot have to do with the accusation of comments that threatened violence?
Yes, apparently they think it was making violent threats and doxxing people.
Lost but not forgotten
Those monsters!
With this many coats handed out we'll be in the Andromeda galaxy in a week, or something.
> 205,000ish

LMAO
Welcome. You can say you stood in opposition before it was too late.
When you see the real truth, it's a liberating and terrifying feeling. I welcome you to our *YUGE* family! Thank you for standing by our side during this troubling time. Hopefully this gets enough attention that the quarantine is forced to be lifted and you'll be able to see what a great fun and supportive family party this Dom really is!
Please do
There's no brakes on this coat brick dickin' bimbos train!!
FOR THE LOVE OF GOD GET THIS PATRIOT A COAT! 

THATS 205,000ish COATS HANDED OUT!

We are 30.24% of our goal to coat the 677,??? great people of Detroit, Michigan. Let's make sure everyone gets a coat in the United States! For every Centipede a coat, for every coat a Centipede! This bot was created by devious1087, feedback always welcome
The NPCs will just echo print "snopes and wikipedia say this is a conspiracy theory. i am smarter than you. i am smarter than you. hahaha. hahaha."
I honestly can't wait to watch the world burn with SJW outraged protests haha.
Welcome aboard :)  We need to show the truth to as many casuals as we can.  If you have friends with a similar mindset try to convince them and point out the lies and hypocrisy if they havent seen it already.  And never forget republicans that dont vote elect democrats :)
i love our elders. anyone who has spent time here knows that we have a fine group of people with a great sense of humour and solid moral compass from all walks of life and ages and even poltical persuasions. most people here are decent and, dare i say, wholesome. banning this sub will be an evil thing, but the memory of all you fine people will never fade away.
#PATRIOTISM LIVES ON.
I think one needs to have experienced real hardships in order to be able to open their eyes and see past the smoke.
You're also banned from like half the Subs on Reddit
> What's happening in California is a disaster as well.

I live in California, have for 40 years now, and its absolutely a disaster.
Military tribunals.  That's about the only way to do it, assuming we ever do.
And a coat!
No brakes on the trump train
**FOR THE LOVE OF GOD GET THIS PATRIOT A BRICK! THAT'S 146108 BRICKS HANDED OUT!**

We are at **20.5791221632628073305486464%** of our goal to **BUILD THE WALL** starting from Imperial Beach, CA to Brownsville, Texas! Let's make sure everyone gets a brick in the United States! For every Centipede a brick, for every brick a Centipede!

At this rate, the wall will be **1606.60998275801025079224496 MILES WIDE** and **428.175925654838233107647676 FEET HIGH** by tomorrow! **DO YOUR PART!**
&#x200B;

Andrew Brietbart

Seth Rich

Antonin Scalia

Coat Bot

Trump Train

Brick Bot

RIP
FOR THE LOVE OF GOD GET THIS PATRIOT A BRICK! THAT'S 146109 BRICKS HANDED OUT!

We are at 20.5791221632628073305486464% of our goal to BUILD THE WALL starting from Imperial Beach, CA to Brownsville, Texas! Let's make sure everyone gets a brick in the United States! For every Centipede a brick, for every brick a Centipede!

At this rate, the wall will be 1606.60998275801025079224496 MILES WIDE and 428.175925654838233107647676 FEET HIGH by tomorrow! DO YOUR PART! 

brick bot is feeling under the weather, so brick distribution will be performed on a volunteer basis
This hurts
F
The bot owner(s) just need to log in and opt the bots in to view the quarantined domreddit
"So I will put this bread in to make toa-"
 
 
You vile, threatening, racist, homophobic, blah blah blah blah blah blah
FOR THE LOVE OF GOD GET THIS PATRIOT A COAT!THATS 205,001ish COATS HANDED OUT!
We are 30.24% of our goal to coat the 677,??? great people of Detroit, Michigan. Let's make sure everyone gets a coat in the United States! For every Centipede a coat, for every coat a Centipede! This bot was created by devious1087, feedback always welcome.
I will Upvote you to Eternity
Had one give me a politifact article about how everything trump has said was a lie, along with a research paper published by a university stating politifact isn't biased.


Advanced programming imo
Filthy casuals
You.I like you.
That's gonna take a lot of work. They've got the media and the tech Giants working for them (watch the Project Veritas video they keep complaining about)
They added breaks to the Trump Train Bot
Nooooooooo they took our bots too?! The bastards!
WTF was the reason for killing the brick & coat bots?  These were somehow breaking terms of service?!?!
I was a cheese maker.

Did they get cheese bot too?!
Your alive!!!
lmao you actually included those ridiculous floating point errors too. 

Legend.
**FOR THE LOVE OF GOD GET THIS PATRIOT A COAT! THATS 205,503 COATS HANDED OUT!**

We are 68.8% of our goal to coat the 298,695 great people of Anchorage, Alaska. Let's make sure everyone gets a coat in the United States! For every Centipede a coat, for every coat a Centipede!

This bot was created by devious1087, feedback always welcome. [Meme Reference!](https://youtu.be/OiYVVT1aQFM)  


^(coat bot is feeling under the weather, so coats distribution will be performed on a volunteer basis.)
I love you
F
Oh, it's always the "scientific papers"

"Scientific study says if you don't like LGBTQRSTPEDO you are a closet gay"  
"Scientific study says GRONALT GORMPF is le retarded"  

And so on.
Must be socialist brakes, because they obviously don’t work.
Womp womp
Even Meme wars come with a price
Walls can be made of bricks and walls are offensive to people who enter our beautiful country illegally.
Comes with the quarantine is what i understand. Also lost our custom CSS, notice the images and banner are default.
It’s a volunteer, but it’s all we got!
WE JUST CAN'T STOP WINNING, FOLKS! THE TRUMP TRAIN JUST GOT 10 BILLION MPH FASTER!
CURRENT SPEED: 323,899,385,117,000 MPH!
At that rate, it would take approximately 5.181 years to travel to the Andromeda Galaxy (2.5 million light-years)!
#NOBODY TOUCHES MY FUCKING BRICK BOT BOY
Way to Volunteer Pede! That's the Spirit !
Good bot ;)
Get this man a coat!
FOR THE LOVE OF GOD GET THIS PATRIOT A BRICK! THAT'S 146109 BRICKS HANDED OUT!

We are at 20.5791221632628073305486464% of our goal to BUILD THE WALL starting from Imperial Beach, CA to Brownsville, Texas! Let's make sure everyone gets a brick in the United States! For every Centipede a brick, for every brick a Centipede!

At this rate, the wall will be 1606.60998275801025079224496 MILES WIDE and 428.175925654838233107647676 FEET HIGH by tomorrow! DO YOUR PART! 

brick bot is feeling under the weather, so brick distribution will be performed on a volunteer basis
**FOR THE LOVE OF GOD GET THIS PATRIOT A COAT! THATS 205,502 COATS HANDED OUT!**

We are 68.8% of our goal to coat the 298,695 great people of Anchorage, Alaska. Let's make sure everyone gets a coat in the United States! For every Centipede a coat, for every coat a Centipede!

This bot was created by devious1087, feedback always welcome. [Meme Reference!](https://youtu.be/OiYVVT1aQFM)  


^(coat bot is feeling under the weather, so coats distribution will be performed on a volunteer basis.)
what the hell why can’t I give an award
I love this place!
Can't give awards on quarantined subs for some reason.
Shouldnt be giving reddit money after this stunt anyway
I can't even favorite this sub anymore.  fuuuuu reddit u censoring assholes!
>:(
When I was twelve, 5 heroin addicts broke into my parents home while I was there alone.  I hid and called 911.  The police arrived, arrested all 5, and walked me past them so I could be a witness.

Cops saved my life.  I'd be dead if they didn't show up.
[deleted]
We appreciate your statement. We realize it puts a yellow mark on your reddit forever by making this post so that much shows quite good character.
Welcome:)
Thank you.

It's a shame that they are resorting to silencing a whole community.
Welcome to the greatest sub in Reddit!
Hello. Please vote for Donald Trump. Thank you !
Appreciate the support.
Thank you and welcome!
FOR THE LOVE OF GOD GET THIS PATRIOT A COAT! 

THATS 205,000ish COATS HANDED OUT!

We are 30.24% of our goal to coat the 677,??? great people of Detroit, Michigan. Let's make sure everyone gets a coat in the United States! For every Centipede a coat, for every coat a Centipede! This bot was created by devious1087, feedback always welcome.
This guy memes.
Truly grateful for your support. Welcome new Pede!
Welcome!
Welcome! We judge people by the content of their character and we want every American to be the best they can be. "Personal responsibility" is the enemy of those behind silencing this place. That's really all there is to it.
Thank you and welcome!
Welcome and Thank you for your free think and common sense
Welcome to T_D 👍
Good to have you brother
i am the only person in my circle of friends that steps up to defend police officers whenever they go on their beta-as-fuck anti-cop rants. these people and their secondhand opinions.
I found these in only 10 minutes. When does Bad_Cop_No_Donut get it's quarantine?

http://magaimg.net/img/8b8q.png

http://magaimg.net/img/8b8r.png

http://magaimg.net/img/8b8s.png

http://magaimg.net/img/8b8t.png

http://magaimg.net/img/8b8u.png

Please make sure admins and the CEO (as well as media) sees this.
Welcome to the crusade for a free internet. WE WILL TAKE SILICON VALLEY!!! DEUS VULT!!!
I was a punk rock asshole and a total prick to the police my whole teenage years. I've cringed so hard at memories of my youth that I go out of my way now to thanks the boys and girls in blue. Thanks!!! Thanks for putting up with me!!!!!
Thank you so much for doing this. We need more people to speak up. Appreciate you taking the time.
We prefer [God Bless the U.S.A.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q65KZIqay4E) or [Centipede](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CSemARaqGqE) but I sure can't complain about "Eye of the Tiger". Welcome to the family!
Welcome aboard!  We need more like you!
Welcome!!
<3 Thank you so much, morepowertoshields! <3 

We will stand together for Freedom!
Welcome to the rally!  Looking forward to reading your thoughts on things, and discussing with you.
Awesome! Welcome to the family!
Welcome 🇺🇸
It's OK if you don't know who to vote for, I'm going to vote Trump however I will still look at whomever gets the Democrat and Libertarian nominations just to see their policies. I doubt that they will offer anything I like, but I don't believe strictly in party lines I want someone who is effective at getting the issues I care about handled!
Me too, actually, though I’m a long time visitor. I just didn’t want all your prolific pede posts filling up my home page.
I hate to be this guy, as I was a Democrat before Trump (yes, I voted for Obama [as we have learned, McCain was no better]), but I would implore you to vote Trump. This kind of thought-policing and censorship will get absolutely out of hand with the DNC controlling the internet and every aspect of society. We need to stand up for what is fair and right.
I just did the same. I'm Swedish though, so I can't vote.

Je suis T_D. :)

Is there a list of quarantined subs? Sounds like it could be an interesting list to find good content.
Quad Bricks
Hell, even I joined and I'm not from the USA nor a big Donald fan. But this need by certain mediums for only "approved" thinking is getting out of hand. 

Fuck censorship. If you're truly the land of the free, then let the opinion also be free!!
Welcome! If you stick around for a while, you'll get to know the majority of everyone here. (Polite, encouraging and caring people)
Hey there, we actually love police officers here so the whole thing is pretty much bullshit as it is.
Fucking liberal subs alwasy talk down on officers. Reddit hypocrisy. RPolitics threatens republicans all day everyday. They hypocrisy is astounding.
Im gonna sub in solidarity as well. I've lost a lot of good subs on this site to Reddits biased tyranny. I stand firmly by my belief in freedom of speech and expression.
We are glad you are here!
Welcome, we all love our first amendment rights here.

I apologize in advance for the hatred you'll get just for this post. Bots that reply to anything you post elsewhere informing people that you've posted here. And of course the random PM's telling you what a Nazi you are.
Honestly! US?! We're the Blue Lives/ All Lives Matters people FFS! And THEY want to accuse us of calling for violence on police?!?!?
>  But I will not allow Reddit to get away with silencing the side they disagree with.

It's not just Conde Nast (Reddit's parent company.) There is a communo-globalist cult in play. They're attempting to take-over The West and install some techno-feudal fascist society. Think China, but with a third fewer (and more diverse!) people. We're the ones they couldn't snare with the nation scale brainwashing op they've been perpetrating for the past few years. It's why they have to shut us down.

In the end you'd lose, too. These types never treat their revolutionaries well once they've gained power.
Have another tiger song: neon tiger, the killers https://youtu.be/aWH5hpP4i8Y
Aye we welcome ye
Welcome aboard.  I think Trump is the only sane option.  Would you really trust the same kinds of people censoring people left and right with power in 2020?  I cannot.  But your vote is your business.  Welcome aboard and have a brick and a coat on my behalf anyway.
Since you joined today, I ask that you sift through the sub and try to find the calls for violence that don’t get downvoted or deleted and repost them here.

We seriously DONT fuck with that shit and we’re being fucked over a narrative, NOT reality.
Good luck trying to post in other subs now 👍
Thank you.  I just emailed president Trump regarding this harassment
me too!
Welcome. you won't be brigaded here, like in other places.
That's an amazing story. You were a resourceful kid, MAGA hat's off to ya.
Sorry that happened to you, bud.
Glad you are here. You were a smart twelve year old. Yay cops!!
99% of us in the real world love the police , especially those of us who have been victims of crime.
In 2016 I didn't expect him to turn out to be a conservative, but he's doing a pretty good job. I will probably vote for him.

Edit: he's doing a good job, but I wish he'd stay off Twitter, he steps in it too often.
I am mostly a conservative. If Trump stays the course, I will.
MVP right here ladies and gentlemen. Btw... How much did the russians pay you to post that?
LOL - do you really think this was about cops?  Thats just nonsense to tell the normies.  This is about censoring people that were going to make the Democrat candidates look like jokes.  They don't care at all about accuracy with their claims.
If you go check out the "WatchRedditDie" sub (which is of course yet another hotbed of subversive "alt-right" activity 🙄), there's a list of subs where people go to complain about reddit censorship, abusive mods, things like that.

So naturally all these subs have been ~~targeted~~  ... sorry, I mean they're ~~in the crosshairs~~ ... no, no, shit!  what I meant is that reddit will probably be moving them gently to a kinder place, a happier place, for the good of us all.
"President"
Thanks man.  I had to testify.  The whole "face your accuser" thing is real.

I was the accuser.  They had me wait in the hallway on a bench facing all 5 heroin addicts.  I was there for 20 minutes with these junkies staring at me and my mom.

Then I get in front of a judge who's screaming at me because I'm telling the story and not specifically answering the questions.

All 5 junkies had previous arrests.  Only 4 of them went to prison.  One walked.  I was afraid for years.

After that our house was vandalized just about every year.  Usually they would slash our tires.
This happened during Reagan.  I'm an old man now.  But Reagan did send me a letter and a signed photo because it was in the news.
Thanks.  I was a very lucky twelve year old living in an area with good police.  They were the best.
I love that he's on twitter. I'm never bored. I never get a day of rest. I'm engaged in my government and care deeply about what's going on. I now participate in local politics at a level I never have before. 

Because I'm constantly being reminded of what's at stake.
It is the only way he has to take his message to the people. But yes, many of us sometimes wish he would pause before tweeting. However he is still the best option USA has and is draining the swamp of the deep state Rats.
I agree with you that he is pretty rash and at sometimes uses oddly worded sentences lol, but it's like you said. Policy is policy. Words are words. I thought Obama was a great orator. his policy? not so much.
Remember when Omarosa claimed she had a tape of him saying a racial slur, and instead of ignoring it, he hit back hard? The only reason they aren’t continuing with that narrative is *because* he hit back. If he had stayed silent, people would have taken the silence as an admission of guilt and the narrative would be here today. 

This is one of the big lessons of the W Bush Presidency. Ignoring all your critics doesn’t work. You gotta punch back and you gotta do it on every bullshit claim. There has to be some record of your denial or else history will take it as true.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pHJRGsnMHf8&t=6m30s
Sometimes I think he says thinks in ways where he could be more neutral, but honestly Id rather him tweet like this than not at all, only way hes gona reach people since media just lie about him
Consider the alternative.  Open border commies?
I’m not hearing “no”, so that’s a start :)
Damn dood. I know what that's like, our house was robbed multiple times when I was a kid, it's scary stuff.

I think junkies should get medical treatment, but damn, if they're committing real abusive crimes that affect other people then off they go.

What's this about the screaming judge? That sounds a bit weird.
Me too. He can tell the truth directly to the American public.

 And it drives the left bonkers, so....a two-fer!
POTUS has done everything he said he would do, except when he has been blocked by the Marxists. No other President in my over-65 years has done this. The Dems promise so much but never do any of it.
Obama was a good orator when he had a script, off script?, not so much.
>What's this about the screaming judge? That sounds a bit weird.

I was twelve he was doing his job.  But it freaked me out.

The prosecutor was asking specific questions.  And I didn't know that.  So I just kept telling the story from the start.  

The judge ultimately threw me out because I wasn't going to change his decision anyway.  There was enough other evidence.  I mean the cops caught 5 junkies in my house with our possessions loaded in their van.  It was pretty open/shut case.
Ah, I see. That's kinda funny in a way, you poor kid haha. Glad that all worked out for ya, it's nice to hear the judicial system doing its job properly.
Just curious but how did the one end up walking then?
Oh another funny part.  My great aunt sent the story to Ronald Reagan.  He responded by sending me a letter and a signed picture.  I still have it to this day.
The cops had a statement from me.  There was no reason for me to be there.

But yeah.  I faced 5 heroins at 12 years-old.  After that, I could stand up to anything and people in my school knew that.  Even the teachers.
Ah wow that's so cool! I keep thinking about sending a President Trump a letter expressing my support as a foreigner and how I hope to become a US citizen one day.
I hope you do too.  America is the greatest country in the world.

My room mate from college was from India.  He loved it here.  He stayed.  Married an American and is working for an aluminum company.

I live on the East coast, DC area.  We have every culture in the world here.  It's really amazing.
Thanks! Yup, I am quite well versed by now. I follow the politics and culture quite closely. Absolutely fascinated and I looove the Constitution, Bill of Rights, e.t.c.
A few days ago, Carlos Maza had something to do with this. He/she/it called for censorships on this sub, and Reddit took action without hesitation.
Quarantined? We're not diseased, we're the cure.
Ok cool Don Jr knows.  We cannot lose this forum!
RICO these motherfuckers for election interference. They are collaborating across social media platforms and news agencies to censor and slander ONE SIDE.
*well* over 700,000

fixed it for him
That's great.  He's known.  They all know.  Now what the fuck is the plan?  We're all sitting here getting picked off one by one.  If we lose 2020 it's a wrap, just know that.
Don Jr. is one of us! 

If you use Twitter, give @CarpeDonktum a follow!


https://mobile.twitter.com/CarpeDonktum/status/1143938388707487745
DEMOCRAT debate. Not DemocratIC. This is a major problem that I see all the time. People equate democrats to being democratic because of this word slip.
I just tried to post that as well. They are afraid of us. We need to let The man himself know. MEME WARS are on . They cannot make us back down. We love freedom.
The desperate, crooked left. Can’t wait to see their reactions when Trump wins 2020 with a landslide.
The left fears us. They fear the truth.
It seems somewhat pointless to "quarantine" The_Donald, it was already quarantined with the changes to the "algorithm" making it near impossible for any post here to move to the front page.

However I suspect it's just the first step, next they will completely ban The_Donald from reddit.
More people are learning of the Donald and joining every minute. Welcome and grab a coat
We need a fallback base. Can someone create a group in Discord or Telegram?
700,000 with an error margin of +6 million.
carpe should spam this until GEOTUS retweets.
Technically, we aren’t silenced.   They made it difficult to find, but if you’re smart enough to vote for Trump or consider voting for him then you’ll be able to find it.  

Bans and censorship can be good because they make people more curious about something they might not normally have paid any attention to.
Justice for Alderan!
I find it extremely suspicious that this comes at the same time as the project veritas goggle/youtube bs. Not to mention on the heels of all the other censorship ramping up.... pinterest, fb, twitter, ravelry, etc

Too coordinated to be coincidence.
So what happened with the White House's site to report this kind of stuff, is it still there?
Leftists: "Walls don't work" ..meanwhile leftist reddit mods erect a massive quarantine Wall around The\_Donald.  

The irony.
Mate, they just wanted the sub count on the subreddit to hit a million by the start of 2020 lol. I didn't bother subbing to r/The_Donald before, but with this shit quarantine under effect I figure it's better to join the Don's Gang instead of going through the same old "warning" messages every time I want to check out what's happening here.

Way to give the subreddit the hard boost.
What does “quarantined” mean related to Reddit? Are we in time out or are they going to snuff us?
Someone tell Carpe his stats are old.  758,000 and growing!
My bet is this has to do with Project Veritas' video of a Google employee.  It was in this sub and it's really being scrubbed off the news wires.  they really dont want to talk about it...
i havent seen a post from this subreddit all day and i was confused.
They dare quarantine the light of our memes...so we shall fight in the shade. 

Long live General CarpeDonktum, may he lead the legions of meme warriors into battle and return them home to their families, victorious.

Let’s show them we don’t fuck around with our memes, lads. MAN THE BATTLESTATIONS.
Democrats only solution is to try to rob us of our voice. AMERICA WILL NEVER BE A SOCIALIST COUNTRY.
> A community of over *700,000*

He forgot +/- 6,000,000, since it's been shown that [Reddit puts it's thumb on the scale against T_D](https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/88mpf0/one_year_ago_today_we_discovered_the_donalds_true/)
This isn't fair at all. We have the right to express our opinions, just as anyone else does in this country.
Streisand Effect.  All attempts to isolate and minimize only serve to highlight and draw attention.
Fuckin spez
760k now
7 million***
Your home is here. 

We love you Donk.
I feel something terrible has happened.
CENSORSHIP
Hey Spez, I've been a reddit user for like a decade now and I say FUCK YOU!

&#x200B;

Logged on just now and freaked out thinking they banned one of my favorite internet forums.  What a fucking joke of a site Reddit has become.
The dirty left have been planning this for years. Slowly removing all conservative personalities from the internet platforms. The_donald was found to be the top source of conservative memes so it was always at the top of their list for removal before the election. A very low blow by scumbag hateful democrats.
The violent comments that got reported were posted by accounts generated by Reddit administration themselves. They spam reported their own comments to themselves with bots thousands of times to generate the records to make it look legit internally. They're coming for those who wont toe the line. This isn't the last of it, they have bigger plans. They're building a curb stomping infrastructure to instantly suppress anything that pops up that doesn't lock step march to the authoritarian ultra-left tune.
"But the Republicans incited violance!!!! They got someone killed!!!!" Not even sure what they are talking about, apparently a police officer?  Isnt there like a million videos of these cucks spitting on cops and the left then running behind them screaming "protect me" when actual real men and women get up... it's like watching kids push their luck until the parent gets mad and the little shit runs and hides and wants diplomacy...

Dude,  I cant count on two hands the times the left incited violance in the past couple weeks...  wat di fuk...

Also,  I'm glad they did in a way.  Every step these fucking idiots take they shoot themselves in the foot.  It's, for serious, the best comedy show I've seen in my life.  Cringy, but goes down smooth...
There's our guy, sticking up for us !
It seems like we'll hit 800k either late today or tomorrow.
This on top of the routine shadow post-hiding. Happens to me regularly. By now I have quite a collection of documented examples where I post, in my logged-in browser I see the post appear, but to a Tor browser it NEVER appears. Not even for a moment, even with deliberately long test posts. Thus proving Reddit uses an AI algorithm to vet all posts before they are allowed to be seen in public. 

If there ever were any threats of violence to anyone, it's more likely to be directed at Reddit management. And by 'violence' I mean more like "You fascist freaks are all going to jail for extreme abuses of human rights, free speech and illegal political influence. Count on it."

'Quarantined'? This wouldn't be anything to do with Leftist meltdowns over exposure of Google's totally illegal leftist censorship agenda, would it? You want quarantine? You're going to get it, in personal form. Enjoy your cells.
7,000,000+ *
Test post to see if we’re still quarantined
Why do high level people like Carpe advertise 700k followers when we know for a fact that it's at least ten times that number ?

&#x200B;

edit nvm just watched a vlog of him where he talks about it. still shouldn't advertise it then
We’re a community of over millions.
“When you tear out a man's tongue, you are not proving him a liar, you're only telling the world that you fear what he might say.” - George R.R. Martin
they did this so you cant mock too  much the dnc toilet debates
#6 MILLION PATRIOTS!
We've been "quarantined" for years when they first started changing the algorithm to prevent us from showing up in the front page.

I wonder how long before they have to walk this back.

This is 100% purely political.

This is 100% a prime example of "election meddling"
More like 10 million. They've been censoring this place for years.
Oh man this is gonna be great! The MEMES LADS THE MEMES!
We may be a lot of things but not silenced.
I made the post mentioned in SFGate that called that soccer woman a "human leech". Over 300 comments and not ONE notification about it remains in my inbox. Have to manually search this sub for the post.
This place may be quarantined, but it doesn't mean anything made here can't still be spread elsewhere.
Hopefully they will strip Reddit of their immunity so they big fish start to shit their pants.
Better dead than read.
We all know.  It's clown world, scary clown world.
This guy gets it.
Don’t think for a minute that this is the endgame. It’s a test. This is a beta version rollout
Over 700,000 by Reddit count... X10 that holmes.
Yeah? Well if he can’t do anything about this then he will have proven himself utterly impotent. 

That will be the green light to all of Big Tech. They will proceed with eradicating the voices of everyone to the right of Mitt Romney.  

If Trump does nothing now, it’s all over.
They knew we were gonna rip them to shreds via infinite memes after tonight's clown show. Had to avoid that at all costs.
The Demo-Rats are scared of having us speak truth to their B_S. They will lift the quarantine once they think we will no longer comment on the weak bunch of flimsies that are on the stage tonight.
700,000? 

Yeah, right.
They think this will make not make us meme the ever loving crap out of the debates. 

READY THE MEME CANNONS BOYS!!
He missed another zero... we're in the 

#MILLIONS 

#MAGA
There are 16 million, the numbers are way off
Plus or minus seven million.
"700,000" lmao.

Try more like 7,000,000

Edit: HERE COMES THE CUCK BRIGADE! THEY ACTUALLY THINK ADMINS DONT HIDE OUR SUB COUNT! LMAO!
7 million
Seven million..... And growing.
Don't forget that this happened just days after the Veritas video which exposed Google's election meddling. Reddit first bans Project Veritas as a user on the platform, then quarantines The_Donald. Coincidence? I think not. You want to see the real source of election meddling in the USA? Look no further than Big Tech 🤔🤔😎🤜🎤
We can't be silenced!! Stand together fellow Pedes!! ✊✊
17 million* patriots
Lol 700,000 suuuuuuure.
Q predicted this
Still feeling butthurt over the loss to Crowder
He's just a pawn, for fuck sake.  He was asked to tweet that shit, no doubt.  Don't be fools, this shit is planned from the top down, and they are collaborating across social media. RICO these motherfuckers for election interference.
I think its deeper. A literally who probably isn't the end point
Just checked his article. He lists 11 comments with a total of 200 upvotes, with a max of +53, in a thread at under 2k score.
As I look right now we are at 762+ k let's pump those numbers. They didn't realize trying to silence us would just make us louder.
Fuck that guy vox can suck a fat dick.
Deepstate is talking thru Carlos. Reddit received it's orders.
How much power does that *brave and beautiful* person have?

For fucks sake. I'm not even on the right, but this election meddling has to fucking stop.
That's what they're afraid of.
I have read and posted on T_D daily since early 2016 (under different handles).

I have never once seen a threat of violence against law enforcement on this Domreddit.

Further, President Trump himself is the most vocal supporter of law enforcement and the military to occupy the White House in modern history.

The majority of comments I see here regarding police are positive, except in certain threads alleging police brutality/complaining about certain laws.

However, leftists routinely encourage and commit violence against police and other citizens, particularly groups such as BLM and Antifa, which are praised or at least tolerated elsewhere on Reddit.

Reddit is once again applying a double standard and persecuting a large, mainstream community of users for the supposed "crime" of supporting the duly-elected president of the United States.

I make it a point to represent the pro-police perspective 100% of the time, and even in negative threads, to remind people that the actions of a minority are not equivalent to all or even most police officers.

Law enforcement is a crucial function in our society, and literally allows the law, and thus our society and country, to exist.

Cops are human beings, and human nature means sinfulness. However, American police are typically thoroughly vetted during the hiring process, and are usually highly law-abiding and principled individuals, if not perfect.

Anyone who has a problem with certain laws, such as drug laws, civil asset forfeiture, "quorum-busting" laws, etc., should remember that it is called law enforcement, and not law creation, for a reason.
meanwhile , subs that glorify and pedo inscest rape are A-ok reddit approved.
Ya know. The term quarantine is such a negative hateful word. This seems like internet bullying to me.
I mean.. I have a case of the patriotisms.
And they are locked in here with us.
Betting on the cure

It must get better than this

Betting on the cure
The cure to swamp fever
Same thing when you’re selling the illness
Agreed. There are some smart, patriotic, and hilarious motherfuckers here. It's also a great promotion of GEOUTS, civic nationalism is the antidote to the globalist plague.
This^
# MCCARTHY WAS RIGHT!
Problem is that they don't care and even if it were a victory it would be an after the fact long after the sabotage of 2020 bore fruit.  Anyone paying attention knew this was coming.  We KNEW they would eventually come for TD because TD undoubtedly contributed to  The don winning.
Agreed clearly election interference
Like 7,000,000
Last time I checked before it was quarantined it said 920,000.
 " 700,000 "
plan is and always was to vote and meme
Reddit, google, twitter, ect are on a downward trajectory. They are losing and will continue to lose with their globalist leftist agenda. Vote for Trump, defy the tech giants that hate you by speaking truth, and much better, reliable tech alternatives will arise in the coming years.
Are we really getting picked off? Or are we just battling in a war of information? 

Don't let internet algorithms and memory holing diminish the extremes that the left has been going to since 2016. 

They are and have been in their dying throes, knowing damn well they have no candidate that can hold a candle to what has been accomplished in 2.5 years.
It's a subreddit dedicated to honoring his dad, of course he is!
This is carpe donktum
Can’t. They banned me there for nothing, too.
NBC news has “DEMOCRATIC DEBATE” in red white and blue as a footer to the debates.
Well if we are going to be honest it is autocrat debate then.
Took three tries to get it to post.. nothing odd there /s
[https://www.whitehouse.gov/contact/](https://www.whitehouse.gov/contact/)

&#x200B;

I've already written but more cannot hurt.
Think about the hell that people went through during world war 2 - we can afford to sit in the comfort of our chairs and type with fury - telling people the truth, redpilling, trying to show as many people as possible what is going on here.

I believe that the internet is just as important as a physical war - I work in technology and I can see how engrained these systems are into literally EVERYTHING.

imagine once Amazon is one of the few places to buy a lot of stuff that you can't get locally... and they decide that anyone that disagrees with them politically doesn't get to shop on Amazon anymore.

That will continue until we have a social credit system like China.

This is the start of world war 3: internet edition
Time to have a court take over Reddit, like a receivership.
metrics put him somewhere between 70% and 85%... it's all turning red come election day.
I’m thinking the end goal is to ban the sub before whichever dem wins and Our Man square off for the final round. Cutting him off from a section of his base.
I think discord is compromised as well.   
Telegram is good but a Twitter alternative.  
Voat?
 I was told notbug was good and I'm on gab
Help us Obe-donald.  You're our only hope.
As if millions of voices suddenly cried out in terror and were suddenly silenced. I fear something terrible has happened.
I think we were already shadow quarantined. But now it’s official. It means we basically won’t show up anywhere and it is a prelude to banning.
2 paths:

1) They un-quarantine after the debates, and nuke later

2) The site is nuked between now and a few months.  They will establish a 'history' of warnings most likely. 2 to 3 quarantines, and then snuff us out when the campaign trail gets hotter, which is usually....about 6 to 8 months out?
This sub will be banned in less than 3 months.
My dad called me to tell me what was up. I've been busy all day. I wasn't able to access this sub AT ALL on Narwhal; my comment history showed nothing except other sub comments, and T_D was a shortcut that led nowhere. I had to use Safari to see what was going on. It was irritating to use the site, so I had to download the official app for easier phone browsing. I had to confirm on the "this sub has been naughty" quarantine popup after every single click, even just going back to the main page from each post.  

Narwhal is showing T_D now, don't know why it didn't before. Either they did something, or I managed to do something. But there may be people that typically use Narwhal that aren't able to browse at all that just thought we'd been deleted?  

I'm sure there are lots of other implications, that's just what being quarantined did to me at the start.
He’s admitted to changing posts here. How do we know what wasn’t posted internally by the admins to get the quarantine enacted?

And for the idiots that approve of censorship, just you wait when you’re silenced over things like thinking someone’s shoes are the wrong color or not worshipping the socialist in charge.  Keep this up and that day will come.
Well try the last 2 days. Maybe that will help.
Everybody fucking predicted this.
He should jump on the winning train considering both us and crowder have gained more of a following! No brakes!
[removed]
Must have missed that, just heard he was deplatformed. What happened?
Crowder?  What did I miss?
you would think hed be used to it by now.
Centrist/former lefty who's coming around somewhat now, the shit that happened with Crowder started me on this path, this pushes me further down it.
i don't think its planned from the top down.

I think that communism and authoritarianism was planted as a seed in the mind of millenials while we where school age (starting in the mid 90s to early 2000s). Then it got sidetracked because of 9/11 and everyone was focusing on terrorism. Then Obama got elected and pushed progressivism and authoritarianism extra hard.

now we are just seeing the long term consequences of all that. People in positions of authority at these social media sites are all roughly late 20s - mid 30s in age.

its no longer centrally controlled, but there is a very large group of people colluding on it.
I've been screaming for RICO for a while for all of them, the lying leaking fake story sourcing to the FBI media included. If you want to find the source of the daily narrative-wire, check Obama and ValJar's traitor-white-house.
read the brock memo as it's a blueprint of all we've seen the past two years: the use of social media to sow political division, the dehumanising of trump supporters, the relentless attacks against the president, the manufactured controversies are all by design. maza is a media matters operative and as such he knows exactly what he is doing within the larger effort to destabilise the presidency.
Here's some secret info for the new people. People reading this, feel free copying and pasting this in various posts to spread. Send it to liberals your arguing with online and friends and family in real life, and maybe they will come around, maybe not immediately, but will cause them to think, and eventually they will come around. This is where all this Leftist cray comes from:

In the early 1900s, a group at the Frankfurt School developed Critical Theory to convert the West to Communism

Basically, the Frankfurt School plan was to undermine the Judaeo-Christian legacy. They called for the most negative destructive criticism possible of every sphere of life to de-stabilize society and destroy what they saw as the 'oppressive' order. 

They hoped their policies would spread like a virus--'continuing the work of the Western Marxists by other means' as one of their members noted.

To further the advance of their 'quiet' cultural revolution - but giving us no idea about their plans for the future - the School recommended (among other things):

 1. The creation of racism offences.

 2. Continual change to create confusion

 3. The teaching of sex and homosexuality to children

 4. The undermining of schools' and teachers' authority

 5. Huge immigration to destroy identity.

 6. The promotion of excessive drinking

 7. Emptying of churches

 8. An unreliable legal system with bias against victims of crime

 9. Creating dependency on the state or state benefits

 10. Control and dumbing down of media

 11. Encouraging the breakdown of the family

One of the main ideas of the Frankfurt School was to exploit Freud's idea of 'pansexualism' - the search for pleasure, the exploitation of the differences between the sexes, the overthrowing of traditional relationships between men and women. To further their aims they would:

*attack the authority of the father, deny the specific roles of father and mother, and wrest away from families their rights as primary educators of their children.

*abolish differences in the education of boys and girls

*abolish all forms of male dominance - hence the presence of women in the armed forces

*declare women to be an 'oppressed class' and men oppressors 

Following Adolf Hitler's rise to power in 1933, the Institute left Germany for Geneva, before moving to New York City in 1935, where it became affiliated with Columbia University.
https://www.projectveritas.com/video/insider-blows-whistle-exec-reveals-google-plan-to-prevent-trump-situation-in-2020-on-hidden-cam/
What's a Domreddit? lol
ageplaypenpals is one of them, for some reason that's cool, NSFL if you decide to check it out...
Welcome to the Ghetto of the Digital age. First they vilify you. Then they separate you. Then they silence you. Then they mark you. Then they eliminate you.

We are the Nazi’s though.
“My home T_D...”. 

It still feels like we have been the victim of a home invasion.
If you haven't, you need to watch "The Enemies Within".


> MCCARTHY WAS RIGHT!

That's what I kept saying through the whole doc. I saw it on Prime, and I'm not sure if it's available anywhere else.
CASTRO WAS LEFT!
A sabotage in 2020 will guarantee a reset of the republic so if that happens so be it. Constitutional convention 2.0 and we elect Trump as the first president. We will have the cops, military, and overwhelming amount of armed civilians on our side. And hell since the democrats have decided we don’t have to respect the results of an election I guess we just decide if we want to abide to the election results on not.
That's more like it
7 gorillion
Vote, make memes and children, and gather your anger for the inevitable World War III when the EU gets pissy. LIFT WEIGHTS AND GROW FOOD
and keep spreading what you believe to be the truth and show people Redpill stuff, like google not showing fair results depending on what your searching for
Yep. This is them getting desperate.

Saying we incite violence against cops is like saying the left incites violence against illegal immigrants.

They just lost 2020 with this imo
2 years. 1 for the constant tea-bagging they have been trying to do even though all they are doing is making themselves more open to be knocked out.
Look at the top of the screenshot. Don Junior re-tweeted this. I just linked to Carpe’s original tweet for everyone’s convenience.
Exactly.  It is nothing but word play to confuse people and it fucking works.
This sub may be a bit busy right now
Wrote to Drudge report. em ail is drudge at drudge report dot com Send them the link let them see it we need to get it out there. Carpe Diem is on the money
This World War will be a long one. Maybe the longest one since I can see at least 3 decades to completely win. The most important battles are going to be this and any type of censorship.
Except CA and NY, call me pessimistic, but I feel like these two states are lost.
Gab's android app is toast. A platform without an app is no platform at all.
Go to your settings and make it so that every new link clicked on opens another window. When done with that window you should be able to simply close it and continue on the original window.
LMAO id personally put the throttle to 100% so he'd miss the train.
🌶🌶🌶🌶🌶
> un-dicked down *lispy queer*


He doesn't like lispy queer.
Crowder* ^^^^^fuck ^^^^^you ^^^^^auto-correct was demonetized, but a lot of people spun it into he was banned.
Crowder called a vox writer a lispy queer and got demonitized by youtube. Dude he called a lispy queer literally had "lispy queer" as his Twitter bio.  Crowder's mug club soared (awaiting my mug in the mail, don't really want the blaze, but like crowder and wanted to make sure he's not completely bankrupt). Same lispy queer tweeted 2 days ago that reddit should ban our domreddit. And here we are.
maza through a calculated shit fit, likely at the behest of his corperate overlords, and called for crowder to be banned from youtube.  youtube refused then demonitized him and anyone who's ever posted something right of Joseph Stalin, and maza lost his shit.
Oh there is in fact a structure to their movement, this is not a bunch of ramrods just doing what they please. They have leadership, they are well funded and they seek to destroy America by any means necessary.
NYT, WaPo, Politico, Twitter, Reddit, Google, on and on. This shit is coordinated.
Don't you remember all the news networks clearing editorial content with the DNC? It's absolutely controlled.
>I think that communism and authoritarianism was planted as a seed in the mind of millenials while we where school age

I"m afraid it goes back much further than that
> planted as a seed in the mind of millenials while we where school age

Yup. A bunch of separate groups with common agenda points, who constantly present their fellow travelers in the best possible light (and outsiders in the worst), and hush up any damaging exposures. They also tend to lie about how their own agendas work, so they aren't about to call out another group for lying to the American people about results wildly to the left of whatever was promised to get their law or program passed.
Started way before that, love. We're talking 60's/70's as far as the commie indoctrination is concerned.
YouTube starts pulling videos related to Nazi's. We now have congress idiots saying ICE detention facilities are the equivalent of a concentration camp.

Just saying.
I agree: if it were controlled, we wouldn't even know about it.  It was a project that got completely out of hand
Piggybacking onto your comment with something relevant.

This is the memo that outlines the tactics of ShareBlue -

https://www.scribd.com/document/337535680/Full-David-Brock-Confidential-Memo-On-Fighting-Trump

ShareBlue is Media Matters. Media Matters is directly funded by George Soros.

This is not a conspiracy theory. Wikipedia it.

Media Matters recently posted this article

https://i.redd.it/d66ejjlynq631.png

that cherry picked comments (that were possibly planted on T_D) as pretext for the banning of T_D and then disseminated that article to other media in attempt to silence the sub.

This tactic lines up directly with the strategies outlined in the above memo.

Anyone that frequents this sub knows that not only do we support law enforcement and the military but we are proud to include lots of cops and soldiers within our ranks.

If you are new to this sub, or if even if you are just a lurker that is not familiar with the above, PLEASE READ THAT MEMO.

It will open your eyes to the levels of deceit employed by not only the left, but foreign powers, to influence our elections and cause turmoil in this country through information warfare.

#IF YOU ARE AN AMERICAN YOU SHOULD BE SEVERELY DISTRESSED BY THIS
This right here
Are you trying to say there is a group of people that is subverting western civilization?
Cpd it.
Commenting as bookmark
I'm starting to think Hideo Kojima was given the boot because he was getting way too close to home, lol.
The cure: **Christianity**.
We are not sub, we are dom. So, not submissive, dominant. Play on “sub”reddit.
we were marked by masstagger in 2015, that was the start.
Almost like theyve disarmed us... and unlocked our doors.
BILL CLINTON IS A RAPIST!!!
That's actually what it is.  If you haven't seen it, someone posted the metrics given to advertisers and it's illegal to show doctored numbers there.  The sub count in the sidebar is about 1/10 the actual count since it was around 7.5 mil.

If you *have* seen it, I'm sure someone else hasn't lol.
This.
Gorillion channel
I love this.
Don't be silly, this barely affects voting. The amount of people this will red-pill is likely not significant.

(This comment is not a violent comment suggesting or promoting self-harm or other forms of violence, and in fact, looks upon such ideas as shameful)
True. Most users I’ve ever seen here. I used the same title twice and it didn’t post. Then I changed to this and it worked. Idk.
Drudge is cucked.
TY!
They are like London in the UK the immigrant populations are a majority. So no matter if the rest of the country votes one way they always vote different. Just think this is an example of what would happen if the whole country was taken over like NY or London.
But the train is always at 100%
Lithpy?
He prefers Lipsy. Easier to swallow.
Maza was extremely pissed that Crowder didn't get banned entirely, if that matters.
And then Crowder made Maza employee of the month because mug club subscriptions tripled due to the controversy.
Captain Kenya never left DC
Welcome to the actual fucking revolution
def leadership, with tons of mindless drones
MSM power players have their shadow chat platforms, I’m sure they’ve brought the big tech power players into those.  Every single left leaning media/big tech outlet are all in complete coordination.
They didn't get kicked out of a hundred and four countries for Matzo balls.
Who controls the past controls the future.
It's the very definition of controlled, unless you think it's somehow organic that every fake news network and their Twitter army always push the same stories at the same time using the same words and phrases.

The media is nothing but a tool, always has been and always will be. If they are all saying the same thing at the same time then it's because they have been paid to do it.
Distressed Level: SEVERE
The comments were definitely planted!
Cpd it.
Rupert Murdoch.
Weimar 2.0
#INFOWARS DOT COM!!!
Yup, I've been here long enough to know that reddit edits our stuff.
Harambillion
There's countless events like this, and we still have another year and a half until the election. You think they're aggressive now? Give 'em another year. Wait until the actual debates come on with whichever worthless sap dares to step before the God Emeperor.
Most users I have seen on here was over 55k active users. That was only on election night and the week leading up to it.
then write to hannity do something rather than do nothing. Let the news get out . Tell me who you would send an email to and I will help you out. I am on hannity right now sending the information and will send to tucker. do something!!
They're cucked, but he never passes up juicy politico drama like this.
Lol the story on Drudge links to a SF Gate article that pretty much trashes us.
If they're a conservative outlet, they're our ally
Only 100%? Those are rookie numbers, brother.
It’s the council on foreign relations.
It's the second generation of controlled.  The 'Jane Fonda Era' was the original controlled group and we're experiencing the resurgence as children of young adults in the 1960s are now in their 30s and 40s.  

The root cause is that this second generation is at the bell curve of employment dominance- everyone who works for the media/tech/etc. is a leftist, not because they're told to be, but because they're legitimately like that.  It's not as big of a problem in industries that are centered outside of New York, California or Universities but for those three that's why we are where we are.
Thanks
You're all learning quickly ;)

WHAT COMES AFTER WEIMAR BOYS AND GIRLS?
#YOU ARE THE RESISTANCE
We can only hope. If TD goes down we are absolutely fucked. No other place to express support for YOUR president on the internet. It's sickening, really. 

(This comment is not a violent comment suggesting or promoting self-harm or other forms of violence, and in fact, looks upon such ideas as shameful)
The hero we need! Keep up the good work!!
Not surprised. Drudge went over to the dark side quite a while ago. Maybe he and David Brock are a couple now.
Fuck it, 1,0000 """ ffdddddd siii%
You don't think these yuge hands can throttle more? There's no problem there, I can assure you!
America kicks the shit out of us and then helps us rebuild, and our collective guilty conscience leads to us destroying the continent?
#RAPE IS SEXY
# ITS THE BONE BROTH
just wrote to candace, diamond and silk,hannity, tucker, and wrote to ALEX he just mentioned it now live on the air. It works we need to keep writing. Someone said Mark Dice anyone think of anyone else. I will write Mark next.
They wouldn't lose this time.
#BILL CLINTON LOVES FEMALE FANTASIES!!!
Bongino
Mark knows..
Got it. We are going strong PEDE they will just make us stronger.
I flipped my shit when I noticed this during my lunch break. Let this backfire for them!
Patrick Henry would be proud of you. GIVE ME LIBERTY OR GIVE ME DEATH> I choose Liberty
This has happened time and time again.

1) Admins give a vague "warning"

2) Mods ask Admins repeatedly what do they need to do to appease them, what exactly constitutes a violation, what specific examples are they talking about, etc.

3) Admins say nothing

4) Mods ask again

5) Admins say nothing

6) Sub gets quarantined, Repeat steps 1-5

7) Sub gets banned, Admins blame the mods for not doing anything
We all know the real reason why they did this. They're very afraid of the Trump train.
WOW! sounds about right. we should also pay more taxes. and let in more illegals cuz their better for the economy.
Reddit is disgusting.
Mods are Gods.
Wow. Thank you for your hard work.
[deleted]
Tolerant left -- ha!  Love trumps Hate -- ha!  Openness -- ha!  A diversity of viewpoints -- ha!   Only if you're a democrat.
Crazy times we live in. Had to stop playing games and come here to see what's going on. Seems like google isn't hiding their true colors anymore and they are just openly censoring us. Let's hope these communists at google don't go too far before 2020 because we can't afford a war now. They are trying to kill us from the inside, this is madness. How can America be so divided, I can't believe we are so powerless against their tyranny.
It's almost like.. The left doesn't give a fuck about facts and have to make up shit to appease their shitty egos because they are fucked up people...
They did it to hamper Trumps re-election campaign, not because of “threats to law enforcement”. 

That is just laughable.
what the fuck.

if we didnt know they are scared of our ideology...we do now.
Admins are not interested in your effort. They are interested in their agenda.
According to my math, that's 614.8 mod actions to every admin action.  

It looks like we have 760,936 subscribers right now.  So the number of problem people according to the admins is 0.018%.  Assuming that each of those actions is dealing with a separate problem person.
More lefty lies. Go figure
The Mods need to be fast enough to delete the Admin's sockpuppet posts before they can log back into their Admin account to cite them as "evidence".
This data speaks volumes.  I would love to see detail on those 135 actions, how long after posts were made before Admins took their unilateral action?  ***Sounds like you T\_D mods are really screwing up .00163%  of your workload.***
I found these in only 10 minutes. When does Bad_Cop_No_Donut get it's quarantine?

http://magaimg.net/img/8b8q.png

http://magaimg.net/img/8b8r.png

http://magaimg.net/img/8b8s.png

http://magaimg.net/img/8b8t.png

http://magaimg.net/img/8b8u.png

Please make sure admins and the CEO (as well as media) sees this.
This! The mods are being blamed for not doing enough but this looks like a full time fucking job... for free. Ridiculous bullshit
the admins were starting to get redpilled so they had to do something to protect their fragile world view.
almost as though reddit is full of it
The great majority are outside influencers coming into our sub to make harassing and vile comments towards us. Yet we're the bad crowd.
This is a hit about Project Veritos! WE ALL KNOW IT!
Literally nothing to do with it and this proves it. Cuckadmins, that's the reason.
HONK HOMK
Just wow. Thank you mods for doing such an excellent job.
It is known the Reddit Admins are lazy af communists so not surprised
just another reminder that reddit's admins call themselves "anti evil operations" similar to google's old slogan "don't be evil"

evil = in opposition to the cult of lib
It takes 0 effort to sock puppet some comments.

Payola and special interests spend millions to skew and influence reddit.

Do you do the math.
I got banned from posting for a week because I got too vicious with my comments about illegal immigrants. The mods ARE doing their damned jobs! This is all a setup. The reddit admins are acting like useful idiots for these communist activist journalists that are pressuring them to act the way they want them to.

&#x200B;

Carlos Maza, Vox, and Media Matters are at the center of this episode. I hope they all trip over their superiority complexes and faceplant directly into this PR mudpie like they deserve
Absolute clown world.

Not that we needed proof, but this proves it's not about our community somehow "failing to remove calls to violence".  As expected, the reason they've given for our current punishment is complete bullshit.  They want us **gone**, and frankly I'm offended they don't have the balls to just fucking do it.
You made them do work(somehow), what did you expect?

/s
Their communists. They don’t want to work at all.
I think personally I reported more sock puppet fake accounts than the number of “actions” Reddit admins took.

If they banned the IPs on some of them, mostly people on the left, there wouldn’t be so many actions needed.
Oh look, admins are lying fascist cucks. 

Surprise!!!
Anyone with half a brain can see this is the most pro-police place on reddit. They are making up a false pretext to ban us, because it would get them negative media attention to say we are being banned for our political views.
That was obviously just a terrible excuse that they had been looking for, for months. This sub has always been excessively pro police. The only conclusion is that some left wing people have been posting in order to create a reason to ban the sub. Wouldn't be a first time.
Blyat reddit.
Nice evidence for a lawsuit.
Proof that T_D mods see more action than reddit admins
Reddit is a liberal biased loser ...
I volunteer as a mod if you guys need more help. Who do I talk to?
How many admin actions are taken on other subs??????
You could do everything they asked and more and they would not care.  Their objective is to protect... Google.  If Google falls, they all fall.  Project Veritas struck a nerve
To be honest, this sub is the only sub that keeps me coming back to this site.    However it keeps me coming back because I see truth and proven hypocrisy and doublespeak that is pointed out.
Don’t give up!!!
We see you Reddit. You're not sly.
#THIS post should be stickied!
The fucking weasels
80000 stickies and 3000 deportations.
Sum grade A bs
Obvious targeting and potential setup.
I'm afraid there's not much to do and the admins will silence this sub for not conforming to their ideas, but keep up the fight.
That's ~115 mod actions per hour 24/7

That's almost two mod actions per minute indefinitely.
The current state of Reddit admins. - [https://magaimg.net/img/8b9f.jpg](https://magaimg.net/img/8b9f.jpg)
is there any way to become a mod to help?
Mods of this sub are the most responsive than any subreddit. And the most well put together people on reddit.

&#x200B;

We know its not you. 

&#x200B;

You went far and beyond to appease them. And they still want to dump the blame on you.
Wow mods actually = gods
We have the best Mods!
once again admins abusing their power.

that's news to me!
Link the tweet
How many of those were actions of the mods banning people for being branded non Trump supporters? That seems to be a common action here.
ok question, how many of those 83k were on violence?
Doesn't this post make t_d look bad? as though it is so offensive we required so many removals/edits?
[removed]
[removed]
It's just like a PIP (performance improvement plan) in any white collar job

It's just a way to get you out of the door, and it's just a way to ban a sub in this case.
RIP in peace CringeAnarchy.  The candle that burns brightest burns shortest.
Been a part of many subs where exactly this happened.
Bring it.  

Point me towards danger Azeem, I am ready!
Sounds like someone should sue.
They cant ban us their shit company will fall apart when they lose 10,000,000 active users. The moment this sub gets banned the next social media site will be built in its place
I hope they screenshot/record and do whatever they can do so these people don't fuck them over.
Happened to my sub just like that.  


Begin making plans to relocate.  Take this time to find a back up, a new home, a place to relocate.  Reddit is giving you time, use it.  Communicate and plan, because this place is dead man walking.
Wtf.......  legitimately disturbing asf!
They certainly are and it backfired on them. All this commotion is mailing this dom sub grow bigger and stronger than ever!
Its the Muller report backfiring, that is whats up. The people who funded it, and backed it are going to be found out for being traitors.

The Media is still trying to spin a story of lies and the only way to do that is to cover the truth. The media is Liberal owned, they donate to liberals, they support liberals.

Dont use Google as your search engine, use " [https://duckduckgo.com/](https://duckduckgo.com/)" and all the information you want is there. The media and Democratic party are in a frenzy to cover this all up. Take a look before they do! Inform your friends. This shit is scary, and the Democrats are trying to play it off like its nothing, so they can win the next election...
You could say they're trainsphobic.
No they are not.


They are just seeing we are bigoted against an oppressed people.



'We changed our name to Rainbow Sachs for pride month' - Goldman Sachs


'We love diversity in all ways, especially sexual!' - Military Contractors



'Protected the oppressed by hating the most hated skin color' - Google




They just need to help the people who have full government and Mega Corporation backing, don't you see?  



We need to do better ya'll!
Does this quarantine affect the good Trump Train Bot, Coat Bot, Brick Bot and the late Beto Bot?
The real reason is that Media Matters ran an article with like half a dozen cherry picked comments that gravely misrepresent the character of this subreddit. That gave Reddit admins the cover to do what they’ve wanted to do for a long time.
[WE JUST CAN'T STOP WINNING, FOLKS! THE TRUMP TRAIN JUST GOT 10 BILLION MPH FASTER!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hgM2xN5TPgw#87149385117000)

CURRENT SPEED: 87,149,385,117,000 MPH!

At that rate, it would take approximately 19.238 years to travel to the Andromeda Galaxy (2.5 million light-years)!
When Trump has 100,000 people interested in seeing him in Orlando last week. You know liberals are scared, no politician they have is getting 1% of the crowd's he is.
Username checks out.
Dems tonight: "we need them to work the fields..."
They're all disgusting.

Reddit - 5th busiest sites in America and the largest collection of forums (subreddits) on the web.

Google - Busiest website in the world and a major tech company. Controls a massive amount of what information people are exposed too. 

Facebook/Twitter - Biggest social media sites in the world. 

YouTube - Biggest video sharing site in the world. 

These companies have so quickly developed such major influence and control over people and culture we don't even understand the implications yet. The fact that they all willfully and aggressively push hard-left/globalist ideologies, and are now purging anything or anyone with a conservative viewpoint, is one of the most concerning things happening in America today. But it doesn't get the coverage it deserves because, in proper dystopian fashion, the MSM is also controlled by those same types of people. And these actions are met with thunderous applause from the left as anything left of their sense of morality and self worth melts away into whatever their handlers want them to be. Pathetic...and it's only going to get worse.
Why do people stay here then, out of interest?
We appreciate their hard work. It has to be a thankless task on days like today.
They work so we can play.
Probably their plan. This place was a big draw for Trump in the last election. There was a lot of coordinating telling people when to register or when polls close. It was one of the only places you could get positive news about the president, and still remains that way to this day.
Correct. But, remember, we were already DERANKED from search index. This was just a way for them to make it "legal".
https://duckduckgo.com/?q=quarantine+r%2Fthe_donald&atb=v162-1&ia=web

third hit on DDG for me right now is straight to the sub so . . . ?

I can lynx -dump -source reddit.com/r/the_donald without problems, so there are no provisions against scraping. A mirror site could solve the problem, at least until AIs recognize for what it is and suppress it.
>All quarantined subs have meta tags for robots "noindex, nofollow".

View source or inspect the page. There's no \`noindex\` in the meta tags or anywhere on the page. (Incorrect, see below.)

\`nofollow\` [doesn't mean what's implied here](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Link_types). Strictly speaking, it's a way for the parent site to disavow any relationship with the linked resource. Most user-submitted link aggregators, like reddit, use \`nofollow\` for that reason, otherwise you'd wind up getting downranked by search engines the moment spammers started posting links, suggesting you were endorsing their content.

Edit: Examining the output from curl appears to indicate that the meta tag \`noindex\` is present both using the curl user-agent and with (a spoofed) Googlebot user-agent. So I retract what I said in the first part of this post (nofollow is still true, and I presume they add it to the header to disavow all links, not just on an individual basis, which probably works to retract any backlinks from T\_D back to reddit off their own site).
don't forget the google shills with direct lines to admins. Surely this is a thing.
Shitty admins who can't be appeased no matter how hard the mods work.
They're reddit moderators not the freaking NSA, does reddit really expect them to catch everything on a sub with over 750,000 users, most of which are active
then cant we do it to lefty subs? just flood them with degenerate shit and report the page? they are doing to us what 4chan did to tumblr
Mods are gods.
That's when you know they are mentally retarded.
They want to be fascists, but with a "clean conscience" so they can maintain their self-righteousness.
Probably many. You have trolls, shills, and sock puppet accounts. Then you have calls of violence and racism which happens in nearly every large sub.
A lot of mod actions are removals of shills, trolls, and anti-Trump people trying to start shit. Then you have people who infiltrate from Topminds.
99.9% of the mod actions are spammers, edgy lefties asking for bans, bots, more edgy lefties trying to appear as Trump supporters and every now and then you get some real nutters off their meds who literally dont make any sense at all. I'd say most of it though is just idiots who read something fake about concentration camps and come here to call us Nazis because of some fake news NYT article that is debunked the next day. Our users are never the problem.
Ah-hahahahahahahahahahahahaha! You are a fucking idiot.

P.S. Don't mention "clown" or "honking", they are totally the new White Supremacist's dog whistles.
It kinda does if you read the rules, friend.
Is that anything like what happened to me at my first job? I came in a minute late too many times and was told by a manager that the next time I wasn't on time for my scheduled shift I would be fired. I proceeded to have perfect attendance for nearly 9 months straight until one day I was sick and called in. A few days later, I got called up to the manager's office and told I was fired for missing a scheduled shift.

Stupid teenage me had been dumb enough to think that working extra hard for months on end would earn me back a bit of leniency, but in reality I had been a fired man walking ever since that day 9 months prior.
This is exactly right. At this point it doesn't matter what TD does, we're on the way out. We need another platform.

I was PIP'd once. My boss hated men. Her whole team, except for me  were women and I reported to her as a project manager. Well, after the project ended (huge project, took 1.5 years, and was successful/on time), she called me into her office with a smile on her face and gave me a PIP form to sign. I found a new job within a month. I walked into the office, sent my boss an email saying I quit (no notice), closed my laptop, put my badge on the laptop, and walked out. Best Feeling EVER.
This is exactly what I thought when I read the list.
I was just put on one at Indeed for not buying their brainwashing propaganda, and got fired over some bs reasons. I know EXACTLY what you mean.
F
I miss the memes
Carlos Masa or whatever his name is apparently the new "king gay person" and gets to choose what media is available to people...   


Its pure Insanity.
Yes. All keyword bots are offline.
[WE JUST CAN'T STOP WINNING, FOLKS! THE TRUMP TRAIN JUST GOT 10 BILLION MPH FASTER!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hgM2xN5TPgw#87149385117000)

CURRENT SPEED: 87,149,385,117,000 MPH!

At that rate, it would take approximately 19.238 years to travel to the Andromeda Galaxy (2.5 million light-years)!
Cherry picked or not, some of those comments weren't from shills, and we need to do our best reporting that kind of talk. The rules are clear, and even if they're unfairly enforced, they still exist.
Couldn't keep unemployment low and have wages go up, gotta import a non-citizen class of slave labor! /S

Dems say what sounds good while setting up shitty situations with incentives for terrible behaviour; and then wonder why terrible behaviour increases.
Not only that, but they are using cutting-edge tech (AI), something which we also do not understand the implications of. Once you train a proper AI, it can be difficult to understand how it makes its decisions. Some light examples are identifying paper shredders, optimising architecture, and making crazy chess strats, where AI has consistently enacted unprecedented feats. Apply this phenomena to an AI trained for suppression of information, ideas, and discussion...
Well said.
>anyone with a conservative viewpoint

It's anyone who disagree with them, which is most people. Conservatives, moderates of all kinds, centrists, libertarians, traditional leftists. They are all considered nazi/fascists to them. It's clown world.
The exchange of unfiltered news is the main reason I have stayed. And because I can strongly disagree with people here (it happens often enough) without them PM'ing at 3am, claiming they will murder my dog because I hurt their special fee-fees.



This is a non-PC dom (sub), plain and simple. The exchange of information and ideas is untouched by some bullshit, mega-corporation's agenda-driven narrative. 



To me it feels like 1973 in here, which is groovy.


**spez:** I left out the most important part....I love our President because he actually loves his country and its people.
It's up to all of us now. We haven't been helping as much as we could have been.
I remember during the darkest days before the election, when we were told Hillary had over a 90% chance of winning, coming here and regaining hope. I truly despise the tech titans and their censorship.
It was also the only place on all of reddit that was reporting the news of the Pulse night club shooting.  All other subreddits tried hard to suppress *any* news or info because of agenda.
[deleted]
Because OP isn't correct.

Edit: See my [other post](https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/c5x8qq/in_the_last_30_days_t_d_mods_did_over_83000_mod/es5fcas/) for why.

Edit edit: OP is actually correct when using a different user agent. Downvoting my post.
HTML tags and attributes, as the OP was referring to, won't prohibit lynx from dumping the content. The reason is that lynx ignores any such tag. Remember, they're advisory--just because they're there doesn't mean they're going to be honored, much like robots.txt.

It's also somewhat harder to prohibit scraping on the server side without either a) using more resources for client introspection which increases load times and latency and b) prohibiting a large chunk of users from visiting the site via blocking false positives. curl or lynx using a common user-agent would be mostly indistinguishable from that same user-agent with JavaScript disabled. Surprisingly, there are a few people who browse with JavaScript disabled (I can't blame them). Without JS, fingerprinting is limited to information provided in the request headers.

The most recent attempt that I'm aware of to detect scrapers and crawlers via alternative means that has had mixed results (and pissed off a lot of people in the process) is [Stack Overflow's exploitation of the audio API](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=20288768) to determine if it's a browser or not. Clever, sure, but it's upsetting a few people who are now wondering why SO wants access to their microphones.
We we post a single comment outside this place it's "brigading" yet they brigade us and face no consequences
Well, no for a number of reasons.
I see it as more about paying lip service to PR spin more than anything.
A bit different.  You got fired when they warned you.  They just had to give you a warning and document it to make sure it stuck.

The performance improvement plan is used to get rid of employees who haven't done anything specifically fireable.  It is a self fulfilling reason.  They pick some employees they want to get rid of, put them on performance improvement plans that usually cannot be met, then when they don't meet them say the employees weren't doing well and fire them.

They usually use it for cutbacks or layoffs.  Since actually cut-backs and layoffs are devastating to employee morale and kick a rumor mill into action immediately.  Plus they can cause good employees to jump ship.
You see, you triggered the algorithm that says ‘this employee isn’t worth keeping.’
Probably.

In my last job I was never late.  In fact I came in 15-20 minutes early nearly every single day.  A few days I came in right only 2-3 minutes early or right on time.  In my final letter of dismissal they wrote that I was "almost late on several occasions".  Never mind that there were actually people who came in 30-40 minutes late on multiple occasions.  When I brought this up in my hearing I was told "They're not on trial here, and besides that's a cultural difference."

Then again my last job was in Education which is pretty far-left and nepotistic.  I was brought on as a manager but when I made the mistake of not short-listing the right people (including the friend of a friend of the Vice-Dean) I was removed from that position for some bullshit reason of "not exercising responsibilities with due diligence" and "acting in bad faith" and replaced in that leadership role by the very guy that I believed wasn't good enough for the job. He was, after all a friend of the Vice-Dean.  That was the start of many of my troubles.

Towards the end of February they suddenly call me into a meeting with the Principal, the Dean, the guy who I had rejected, and the head of HR.  They put me on a two-week improvement plan (usually improvement plans last 6-8 weeks).  They gave me vague instructions like "demonstrate openness to colleagues," or "communicate more effectively with team members," "increase the general quality of work".  I was also required to enroll in cultural sensitivity training at my own expense.  I knew then that I never would have passed so I quit right then and there.
The place my dad works had an employee that was constantly late. Also pretty sure she was constantly smoking pot or whatever during work hours 

They tell her if she’s late again she’ll be fired

Next day (or week or whatever) she called saying she was going to be late because she couldn’t get gas. It was their payday, and her check was suppose to have gone through but it hadn’t. 

So she was a little late and they instantly fire her. 

Even after they checked and saw that it was a legitimate reason, the checks hadn’t gone through so she couldn’t get gas and had to get someone to help her, they still fired her
Ugh man, that sounds awful but at least it had a good ending.

I've worked in some women dominated departments before and you either act like a downtrodden , henpecked cuck - or you risk the whole sorority herd turning on you on a dime

I hate working with too many women, and every single woman I know hates working with too many women as well.

edit: my best bosses have always been women though. women have no in between, they're either the best boss you've ever had, or the worst. men seem to just be somewhere in the middle.
Idk, this Dom brings in a whole lot of revenue. They had to appease their extremist controllers, so they settled for the quarantine. Funny thing is that has driven more traffic, and it is not passive but active traffic.
He is so oppressed!  Gay men having sex and giving each other blowjobs in the streets is not enough.



We need to force straight white christian men to take it up the ass by the oppressed people as well.



Only then will we have true equity against the hated race.  



-  Sponsored by Goldman Sachs, Disney and China
What a pity, such good bots (maybe except the Beto bot who was recently being lazy).
I agree with you but I think it’s terribly disingenuous for the left to pretend that those comments are representative of the overall atmosphere on this subreddit, which is very patriotic and pro-police. 

The left has been on an absolute mission to have this subreddit banned for years now, relentlessly, they post in every admin announcement asking to ban the_donald, they go to Reddit’s advertisers, they create strawman accounts to implicate this subreddit in bad conduct, they’ve run more campaigns to get the_donald banned than I can even remember. It’s not just run of the mill users either, the cadre of true-believers who are also Redditors that are out to get this subreddit banned includes journalists at WaPo, CNN, NYT, Vox, Politico, Salon, Huffington Post, and a handful of others that coordinate with Big Tech and want nothing else but to see every space for conservatives wiped out and to control what is and is not acceptable discourse.
1984 meets Skynet?
...but it is touched by a corporation, it's on their hardware after all.
AskReddit also did a thread, I think that's how I found this place.
Good point.

Thanks. 

> mostly indistinguishable from that same user-agent with JavaScript disabled

That's what's good about lynx -dump -source

Are you in the business of scraping?
we need to make a right wing reddit
Manager in f200 org here. We use it to fire people who won’t do their fucking jobs. No hate, no prejudice, no predefined outcome. I build a pip to force you to do what you’re supposed to. Not everyone fails.
This is very real.
Maybe they made the cheque late... *conspiracy*
Okay, that sucks but it's fair. They said what they were going to do and they did it. I have never run my life so tight that I need to get gas on the morning of payday.
YUP. I was a consultant for awhile. I had a six month project with a company in Michigan. The project was all women. They were all nice to each other at work, but in reality they hated each other and would back stab any chance they got. Didn't help that my company had a "laddering" process for promotions and only the top 5% of people on projects got exceptional ratings.
I used to dislike gays, way back when. Then I got to know a few and felt that they were getting a raw deal, so I became somewhat pro gay and outspoken about it.




As of today, the faggots can go fuck themselves in whatever ways they want,  but leave me the hell out of their homo-faggoty agenda of turning everyone into a cock-smoking, Hillary loving commie.


If I ever get doxxed, I will stand by my 1st A words, and I will not surrender or agree to any commie driven faggot-loving agenda.


They have made their message loud and clear. The line has been crossed, and I will no longer support such a deviant set of anti-American assholes.
Yeah.
AT&T operate on hardware that was paid for the American people that previous governments handed over without giving the people a say.

These companies operate an oligopoly thanks to legislation from previous governments essentially preventing competition . It's no secret why Facebook and Zuck did so well against the twins in the court case when they clearly invented Facebook. 

Google is also more of the same. At some point they were given protective status by the government .
No. I've written poorly behaved crawlers that blatantly ignored the rules for specifically extricating certain information and am familiar with the standards so I can know what may or may not get me IP blocked. I've also done SEO and fingerprinting work before, including a handful of other naughty things. For low volume crawling, most people aren't going to care or notice, but you do need to exercise due diligence to avoid potential legal issues. Mostly, if you put reasonable effort into avoiding resources that are "probably" restricted, either via robots.txt or otherwise, you're going to be safe from the CFAA.

I'm not in the content scraping business though. (That might change in the near future.)
I worked at a Software company. I really never had to encourage someone to work. I did have to encourage them to work on the stuff that was in their job description as opposed to their pet projects but even then they would start doing their pet projects after hours. Everyone was really a hard worker. Then I got two guys into my group. One was a muslim who didn't work and lied and seemed to resent a female boss. He never worked. Ever. And the other guy was from the federal government for 20 years. It was like they were unable to work on stuff that was exciting and fun. The rest of us were having a ball trying to code around hardware mistakes and legacy software that no one wanted to touch. It was a great job.
Been there done that.

People who actually work hard, never used a pip on them to fire them.  I really wanted them to succeed.  People who didn't work... Well their pip was followed much more closely.
Same, any PIP I have given lays out clear expectations and goals to be met in 3 - 30 day periods. We've even paid for extra training out side of work for the employee to attend in areas we saw deficiencies. Every 30 days we review the block of goals and the employee demonstrates they've met them. If they fail, they receive a corrective action and they move to the second block of goals.  At the second 30 day period we review again. They still have the opportunity to pass any previous failed goals. In my history, it's been 50/50. A lot of times it's not the employees fault, but the prior management for promoting them into a position they weren't qualified for.
I think it was because of some switch they did. Can’t remember because it’s been awhile
I mean, the obviously should’ve fired her for being a terrible employee, but firing her for something wasn’t her fault is a little  unfair
Weird, it’s almost like mixed sexes in the workplace tends to result in a lot of serious social problems inside and outside the workplace.
Ok...? Nothing really there that explains why people hang out on here if their 'corporate agenda' is touching it all. 

Sensible thing seems to be to head somewhere else? Surely someone has made a non moderated non aligned site somewhere.
> legal issues

Depends on the jurisdiction, which in turn depends on the location of the scraping server. You can also distribute scraping over several servers in several countries. 

> poorly behaved crawlers

I was in love with asynchrous sockets and wrote a scraper which saturated the 100Mbit jack at the company for copying .txt documents. The site was HUGE and could afford that, but boss said he wanted the PDFs. PDFs were rendered on the fly from markup, and that was a little too much for the servers. My boss did not know what they were talking about when they called him on the phone and told them to gtfo, wrong number. I was at lunch for treating myself for the cool asynchronous sockets program. No charges were pressed, btw.
What happened to them?
This also depends on the job and the technical skill necessary to hire and train the right candidate versus correcting an already existing and trained person, and whether it's worth it to start searching new.

I really, really don't want to have to fire people if I can help it.  The hiring process has been outsourced and I have, at best, final selection from pre-picked candidates, or I can spend thirty minutes finessing paperwork to hire from within while trying to hide any signs of favoritism.
Where ? 

Name one other platform that can handle 40,000 - 5,000,000 people at once?

even Reddit a few years ago would crash under a few thousand people.
That former bit is a good point. I hadn't thought about it, but putting a few crawlers on a VPS overseas would complicate matters for the person on the receiving end. I generally try to avoid that since most of what we do, if we need information, is relatively small scale and is done on one or more VPS instances spun up for the task (along with a backlink so people can find out what we're doing).

Mostly, with regards to the CFAA, I'm referring to cases like [these](https://www.eff.org/deeplinks/2017/12/worst-law-technology-strikes-again-2017-review). There are cases that have been prosecuted under that law, which is why I do believe some due diligence is necessary for legal protection.

The last part of your post reminded me of a story I read. I don't remember the specifics, so I'm sure with some digging, it would be possible to find the original telling, which is far better.

The author worked at a company that required dialing a series of numbers to access an outside line. For whatever reason, he had a script that was accessing a dial-up service periodically on the weekends. One weekend, his boss was working on a Saturday when a cop showed up knocking on the door. The officer told him that they had received numerous 911 calls (and subsequent hangups) from this location. The boss told him he was the only one there, hadn't dialed 911, and had no idea why the calls would be made. He invited the officer in to take a look around, who then later left satisfied no foul play was afoot.

On the following Monday, the author was called in to his boss' office and asked what he'd done and explained the visit from the officer, and the 911 calls. A few minutes into the conversation, the author realized that to access their outside line, the system required dialing `911,` but the script must have failed and was dialing `911` twice.
The first guy was fired. Sucks because on his first day he bought a new beige Mercedes (Who buys a beige Mercedes?) . I didn't have to fire him, at that point I was a supervisor, not a manager. The other guy was encouraged to join the test team. We thought that maybe he didn't understand the work (even though he had a masters in Engineering) but he turned out to be a dud in test as well. I got a promotion out of the team so I don't know what happened to him.
> small scale

Scraping the_donald would be small scale compared to the vanilla traffic. 

> a VPS overseas

We did that and used several IPs on each, but not for jurisdiction, but for covering up systematic scraping. It was for a government website which throttled IPs after a while. When I finally called the government website on the phone, officials encouraged me to sell DVD collections on e-bay with the data, because that would decrease traffic on their website. 

From your linked article:

>The web crawlers that power Google Search, DuckDuckGo, and the Internet archive, for instance, are all automated tools that collect (or scrape) publicly information from across the Web. LinkedIn paints all “bots” as bad, but they are a common and necessary part of the Internet. Indeed, “good bots” were responsible for 23 percent of global Web traffic in 2016.

There are several huge problems with mirror-sites for tptb, but a biggie is that it prevents memory-holing articles that didn't age well, reveal hypocrisy, flip-flopping, irony, broken election promises, and so on. Tptb can't have that. Another problem is datamining them back, e.g. demonstrating media bias, parroting, conflicts of interest and the like. Tptb can't have that, either.

> failed and was dialing 911 twice.

This is exactly what I am afraid of since the PDF-catastrophe. Thanks for sharing. 

> backlink

I tried to put that into the http-header but gave up.
That tells me all I need to know.
One week before the 4th of July too...
Pochahontas burned it to tweet a smoke signal.
they all hate america. why would they have any american flags? american flags trigger the left.
Remember when there were all the memes about the DNC not having flags and then the next day there were like 36 flags on their stage? Good times. I seem to recall they knocked one over too.
They had to be shamed to put up a single American flag after the first day of the DNC Convention in 2016. It really is a collection of people who want power over a country they hate.
So revolting. Why do they hate the country that has given them everything?
ENEMIES OF AMERICA!!
Anyone else notice Elizabeth Warren's blazer?  It's an interesting color that seems \*familiar.\*
How many south american flags do they have flying?
That’s because they all hate America.
They hate America
Could use more pride flags. Yikes, what a missed opportunity
And we all know who will be front and center tomorrow... creepy sleepy joe
Of course not, they hate this country.
Not trying to be a dick, but here's the First Republican Primary Debate in August of 2015 https://imgur.com/o2evjzA
SAD
I watched some of it, some guy named Betos spoke in spanish. I think it is actually a Mexico Democratic Debate.
They need to appeal to their base, non Americans
Clown show. Yang is the only one of these janbronies worth listening to.
#SHAMEFUL
Top of T_D. Does not show when I browse my subscribed reddits.

Some posts from T_D show up. They all seem to be from new subscribers.
Their flag is the Globalist one which resides where their soul and heart used to be.
The free shit olympics.
Dont want to alienate all those new voters swarming across the southern border.
They'd have included a flag, but the one-world-government hasn't finalized the design yet.
because the USA is racist, duh!
Some of the more reasonable ones had flag pins on their suits.
Well, they hate at least half the country, the bill of rights, the constitution, our history and heritage, the fact that we're a sovereign nation, patriotism generally, law and order, our traditions, and our moral codes. So it makes sense that they would disregard Old Glory, which represents all of that.
I guess they just couldn't get a burn permit.
Why would you? They don't stand for America
The American flag is a symbol of hate.  Didn’t you know this?  The news told me.
Remember when Hillary's team had them removed from the DNC stage? Pepe Farms remembers.
Why would you put american flags at a Mexican Townhall meeting?
why would communists fly the American flag?
Bravo, you fucking pinkos.
goddamnit this is blood-boiling...
Not a bit surprised!!
There’s so many! They’re desperate!
Never before have I seen so many corrupt people in one room.

This is as close as you'll get to the illuminati lol
It’s because they hate the very country and people they claim to want to serve.
Well, they all answer to China, so...



Sound about right to me.
They're afraid Trump will show up and start hugging Old Glory
I can't be certain, but maybe the socialist authoritarian closest to the camera is wearing an American flag pin?

Damn quarantine... I'm blaming you, spez for my inability to enhance.
There it is. No need for denial. These people hate America and want to usher in its collapse.
Pathetic!
They hate america
The American flag is racist, didn't you know that?
Absolutely Disgusting.
Are you surprised?
They were speaking Spanish lol
The Democrats don't like the US. Their push for socialism is a sign they want total power. Last night was all about illegals. Not the American people. Oh, and free means suffocating taxes. No thanks.
more likely to have a venezuelan flag behind bernie or something like that tbh
Also not a single child in a cage seen.
Symbols are for the symbol minded
I wouldn’t be surprised at all if they all wore a bunch of Pakistani or Iranian flags on their lapels or some shit.
Sorry? I don't speak Spanish?

spez: K?
They are all being stomped on by the audience.
Did you notice how so many of them said we need to invest in Central America ? its not enough to over run our country with illegal immigrants, now they want to take your tax money and make it a gift to other countries. They want to ship jobs to those other countries because the illegal immigrants find the trip here to be an inconvenience. Many of them explicitly said they want to kill jobs here in the name of climate change.

These people couldn't care less about the citizens of America.
Sad.
I prefer that the stars and stripes are not present at this shit show.
The freaking white house background with half the POTUS emblem on all the podiums....it just screams desperate to make these people look presidential.
Truly pathetic.
Only Tulsi’s pin.
They look like a bunch of little kids playing pretend in their suits
Watched for literally less then 5 minutes, heard Tim Ryan yelling at others about Carbon Tax, changed the channel. Tuned in again, heard Cory Booker going psychotic about Trans Kids and all I could think is "why aren't these people being taken to get a Psych Eval and a one way trip to the nearest Mental Institution". People talked about a van driving up to an Insane Asylum to find these people, I'm starting to believe it's the truth at this point and why they must be sent back there.
There not Americans
[removed]
Yes it does
I'm surprised there weren't Mexican and Chinese flags there.
The seal on the podium is broken into halves too. Symbolic
I’m glad you are open minded enough to listen to how they want to help you even if they are a bunch of liars who try to trick idiots into voting for them by having their assistant get them a flag pin to wear while their actions prove they are actually treasonous scum.
They are anti-American. We knew that. This is the visual proof.
Not a single American flag to be seen anywhere, but a HUGE depiction of the main prize they seek, the white house in the background.  Don't let them have it!
Something about air pollution and climate change I bet
I'm trying to read it but can only make out 1 of the 1024 characters...
She used it to roll the giant blunt of peace they all apparently burned down before debating
Tulsi Gabbard doesn’t, she’s also the only Democrat candidate who could pose any threat at all to President Trump.  She will come in at the bottom of the pack, maybe even below the mayor of a third rate Indiana town.  Why?  Because she’s a patriot who loves the United States. Democrats won’t vote for that.
That was my thought, how is this even a post? Water is wet, Democrats hate America and want  conservatives dead... simple basic facts.
There's going to be a lot at the next debate just wait
Petulant children
God is the author of nationalism. they really do hate God and any notion of Him... and therefore they hate nationalism. it was king david who wrote 'should i forget jerusalem, let my right hand forget its skill, if i forget you as my great joy then let me never sing again.' none of these dems have that fire for the homeland.
In their twisted minds, it has given them nothing.
Who says they hate their country?
Good catch.  Does that make her the heir apparent?
fill me in pede?
Thank you. Accuracy is important.
Gabbard is also worth something. 

Always respect a vet.
Hey i'm just curious. I'm not from the USA I don't really understand what the deal with them not showing flags is. Why is this so blood-boiling?
Wow, that's profound.

Rule II: No trolling.
This is a primary debate to nominate their choice for the leader of the United States of America. You’d think the symbol of our nation would be displayed somewhere.
Or a few pride flags...
They spoke Spanish. Surprised no Chinese although Feinstein wasn’t represented.
What is the seal, anyway?? Can't read it.
Hated by the Military industrial complex for suggesting that Americans that sold weapons to Syrian terrorists should be in legal jeopardy.

realclearpolitics .com/video/2017/07/25/dem_rep_tulsi_gabbard_president_trump_ended_obama_era_program_which_funded_al-qaeda_in_syria.html
Democrats want someone who can beat Donald Trump. To them, Trump winning is a worse outcome than not getting their preferred candidate. They’ll flock to Tulsi, and so will Republicans. She’s playing middle of the road, which is smart for novelty reasons (notice she’s standing apart from her competition in a visually striking red jacket) and strategy. By playing to Trump voters, she doesn’t need to go as far left as her competition, who are willfully forfeiting the moderate vote.
Is that the dude on the right? He seemed sick of the rest of the panels shit. Had some interesting points. I can tell he means well and is passionate about serving. Tulsi too. I think they're the front runners from tonight.

He was the business man.
Tulsi is a patriotic Bernie.
At the end of the debate, my wife (a registered Democrat who voted for and supports Trump) said that Tulsi was the only person at the debate who she felt like had anything of value to say.

We both laughed our asses off when that one scrub said that "Donald Trump is the greatest threat to America." Seriously? You want your platform to solely rely on your hatred for someone who has made our country legitimately safer, stronger, healthier, richer and more prosperous, especially for minorities?
Craterface is a leftist who has repeatedly [insulted President Trump](https://www.breitbart.com/politics/2018/11/21/gabbard-blasts-trump-being-saudi-arabia-bitch-not-america-first/).
Not even true either. Just see [Drudge](https://i.imgur.com/dTXAiKm.jpg). The whole background of the stage is an artistic representation of stars and stripes. 

Democrats are unpatriotic. No need to exaggerate that fact.
I think you are dead right! They hate anything to do with creation.  Even genders, abortion, freedom...
They do
They put her in the middle and asked her the most questions. She's definitely being pushed a bit.
Soros likes the color purple, duckduckgo purple revolution.
honestly it disturbs me how hateful the gay community is you have to agree with every little thing the mob demands. 

\*Timmy NEEDS to transition to Toni at age five\*

\*on its fine for my 8 year old to dress in drag and "preform" for middle aged men\*

like damn there is no common sense with morality these days

(oh keep in mind this cant be hateful because I'm a gay male. ;) )
#Don't let your memes be dreams!
That's honestly really really surprising

(This comment is not a violent comment suggesting or promoting self-harm or other forms of violence, and in fact, looks upon such ideas as shameful)
Or a few ~~Democrat~~ “Confederate” flags
they're saving that for tomorrow
It's the great seal of the United States with the eagle holding the arrows and olive branches on each talon
I know a ton of leftists, none of them like or care about Tulsi. It’s all Pocahontas, Harris, Beto and Sanders with Mayor Deep State as an honorable mention.  Tulsi is their best candidate but they couldn’t care less. Oh well; easier path to victory for President Trump without her as their nominee.
Yes but in truth she is far left.
I feel like Tulsi or someone should've worn a flag pin to gain some easy points with the public.  Not 1 fucking flag up there tonight.
All the way out at the edge. Beto/Pocahontas center. That's their ticket.
I am having trouble envisioning a patriotic Bernie. Bernie is a socialist so that's the least patriotic thing imaginable.
Craterface is a leftist who has repeatedly [insulted President Trump](https://www.breitbart.com/politics/2018/11/21/gabbard-blasts-trump-being-saudi-arabia-bitch-not-america-first/).
Craterface is a leftist who has repeatedly [insulted President Trump](https://www.breitbart.com/politics/2018/11/21/gabbard-blasts-trump-being-saudi-arabia-bitch-not-america-first/).
 we joke about the whole alternate timeline thing...

&#x200B;

2 Chronicles 29:6  

Our  parents were unfaithful; they did evil in the eyes of the LORD our God  and forsook him. They turned their faces away from the LORD’s dwelling  place and turned their backs on him. They also shut the doors of the portico  and put out the lamps. They did not burn incense or present any burnt  offerings at the sanctuary to the God of Israel.

Therefore, the anger of the LORD has  fallen on Judah and Jerusalem; \*\*\*he has made them an object of dread and  horror and scorn\*\*\*, as you can see with your own eyes. This is why our fathers have fallen by  the sword and why our sons and daughters and our wives are in captivity.
I don’t understand how not wearing a flag pin/having flags around every day is in any way related to loving one’s country?
ASTRO turf central, redacted, is pushing the fuck out of her. We now know where the super delegates will go.
thanks pede
So some people are gay, no big deal. Everyone who makes it a bigger deal than that probably has mental problems. Gay conservatives are super pro-family.
I've always noticed this weird divide in gay guys. You have the seemingly normal well adjusted kind who you honestly wouldn't guess unless they told you. Then you have the mentally ill kind you see clowning at the pride parades and the repressed kind who have serious... issues.
You're a world champion
Tulsi is already leading in polls on who won this debate.  As she attracts more attention and occupies more time in the public's consciousness, Dems will start to think she's more important (Robert Cialdini, Pre-suasion) and gravitate towards her.  It will happen.  I've been warning this sub for at least a year.
It doesn’t matter what the actual voters want when it comes to democratic primaries. They have a super delegate system that ensures party officials get to pick the winner. Biden already got the nod, it’s a waste of all the other candidates time at this point and I don’t feel sorry for them with what happened in 2016 they should know better.
They will push Beto HARD. He also refused to answer in Castro's favor of detaining illegals. He knows it's a problem. He will just be Obama Jr. Catch and release.
Of course she's a leftist, she's a Democrat presidential candidate. And of course she'll gladly blast Trump, because she's a Democrat presidential candidate. Lol.
Yes this is true. Makes me wonder how we got President Trump! God Answers Prayers 🙌
We need to keep praying for our country! 🙏 Also I wonder how much of what we are seeing is part of the end times? The whole world is becoming so secular. France lost their roots a long time ago and they are paying the price! Sad. People talk about climate change. But isn’t that part of the end times too? Democrats refuse to look to The Lord because they would be really convicted! Really sad. We need to live our values in a way that is evident to all! “And they will know we are Christians by our love...” ✌️
It's ok for you to have a different opinion, but for ME you can't say you LOVE America and then say you want open borders.  Americans can't support an endless supply of illegal aliens.  They over run our welfare programs and that HURTS the most vulnerable Americans.  If we aren't doing a good job providing education, housing and healthcare to our poorest Americans... what do you think happens to them when you bring in millions of illegal immigrants.  


&nbsp;


We can't take in EVERY single person in the world who wants welfare.  And even though it's very NON-PC to say so, not all illegal immigrants are nice people.  Some are really bad.  MS13 bad.


&nbsp;


The Dem candidates on the stage tonight will not put America first.  They will put their new illegal aliens first.  They won't fight for American workers.  They'll put foreign workers first. H1B.  And we are just getting back on our feet again after so many years of bad trade deals.


&nbsp;


The absence of American flags at Dem debates means something to me.  It means they didn't value it enough to include it.  Because maybe Dems care more about illegal aliens and globalism than they do America.  But it's ok if you disagree.
[Only 23% of liberals say they are extremely proud to be American ](https://news.gallup.com/poll/236420/record-low-extremely-proud-americans.aspx?utm_source=twitter&utm_medium=social&utm_campaign=record-low-extremely-proud-americans&utm_content=o_social)
It sounds like it’s going to be a Biden Warren duo
OP was also referring to Hillary (and Bill), [employing the "purple revolution" during her concession speech](https://magaimg.net/img/8b9n.jpg) the day after the election loss.
I totally agree, no one should make being gay the main source of their social life however in the connected world we live in its easy to use being gay to get more attention than you would have other wise. just look at the unnamed you tuber who created a shit storm because * OMG HE CALLED ME THE SAME THING I CALL MYSELF, HES A BIGOT*
This is why I like the silent gays in Hollywood, it's none of our business what they do in their personal lives. People should respect privacy of others but we are too damn celebrity driven of a society to let celebrities live a somewhat normal life.
Maybe, but I’d still wager that Tulsi is ahead of her time and Democrats are a garbage party and will continue to be so for another 10+ years.  Democrat voters just don’t like to elect people who love America, they really don’t.  They had one exception: John F Kennedy, but in 2019 most Democrat voters would never vote for him either.
You’re acting like public opinion of her matters. If the public loves her and wants her, but she isn’t another cog in the DNC machine then she will be forced out so creepy joe or Pocahontas can be put onto the ballot.
well said. and i agree. and what you ask is intriguing. i've wondered this too. i personally think it's all end times. it's the end of our wit, what better can sinners do? in Daniel, he says the dream of nebuchadnezar... the statue of the man... it was shattered and turned to dust when the mountain struck its feet. i'm wondering if the resurgence of nationalism worldwide is actually carrying this out to some degree.

stay strong
I have a question, I hope you don't.  Anyone who knows can chime in.  I grew up a Jehovah's Witness.  They believe in the end times, which are basically now, will result in armageddon and basically all non JW's will be killed and then everyone gets resurrected to live on paradise earth for 1000 years for Jesus reign and then a final test comes.

&#x200B;

I am non religious and do not believe any of this.

&#x200B;

So, from what you are saying, typical Christians also believe in the "end times"?  So they believe that the world as we know it is ending soon and Jesus is coming?  What happens then?  Like good people get raptured to go to heaven and then earth is made into hell?  I'm just curious, as I only know the Jehovah's Witness version of events.
Unless it is exactly your love of country that makes you think it CAN support all those people.  Some think more of their country than others I guess.
I don’t think you should judge those 10 people on stage by the feeling of “pride” felt by 1,520 random people. True patriots can be ashamed of their country and still love their country.
Why do you have to be "extremely proud" to be from the country you're from? I'm Norwegian but I'm not "extremely proud" to be Norwegian, I just am one. I know there are cultural differences but there are other ways to be patriotic than having a national flag around at all times.
OMG what if Biden ends up warrens VP? The cuck of cucks. Antifa would cream themselves.
🙏🙌
I doubt any of that is real.  Humans are excellent at finding patterns.  Just like with the  Baader–Meinhof effect.  There is no reason to believe that the bible was inspired by god at all.  Although I know a lot of my Trump supporting friends are Christian because it is the way we were all raised, it just doesn't pass the logic test for me.  You have to think for yourself.  And realize this, if you were born in a Muslim country, you'd be a Muslim right now.
So.. it's like 2am.  My brain is in it's most active mode, and this turned out to be \*way\* longer than I had originally intended.  You do not need to read the entire thing.  I'm not looking to convert you.  I dropped in a line of underscores at the end of the most relevant information.  I sincerely hope it answers your question though.  
Biblically, of the 66 books of the Bible, 1/3 of the scripture is prophecy of some sort.  The books of Daniel, Isaiah, Zachariah, Ezekiel,  Matthew, Thessalonians, and, of course, Revelation are books that contain major prophetic passages regarding the "end times".  
The book of Revelation is the most widely known.    
The mainstream eschatological timeline is something like this:  
\-Israel becomes a nation again (this happened in 1948)

\-The world goes to hell in a hand-basket (status: happening)  
\-Be it through WWIII, economic disaster, or whatever, a man known as the Anti-Christ comes onto the scene and rapidly gains global popularity due to his ideas and solutions.  He "confirms" a agreement that has been made for 7 years (Daniel 9:27) and ushers in a time of global peace and safety, under a one world government. 

\-The Israeli people are allowed to build a temple and make sacrifices to God

\-3.5 years into all of this, the Anti-Christ stands in the temple (likely in the holy of holies) and declares himself to be god.

\-The Jewish people have a bit of a disagreement with this, and he attempts to wipe them out, causing them to flee to the east (most believe they will go to the region of Petra in Jordan)

\-The remaining 3.5 years make every human depiction of "the apocalypse" look like a tea party

\-At the end of the 7 year period, Jesus steps down from heaven to face the armies of the anti-Christ in the valley of Armageddon, and kills them all with a word (personally I wish He'd open it all with a raised eyebrow and saying "really guys?")

\-The anti-Christ, the false prophet, etc. are thrown into the lake of fire (hell) for the rest of eternity

\-The devil is bound in chains and thrown into the bottomless pit for the majority of the duration of the 1000 year reign.

\-He then sets up his millennial rule in Jerusalem for 1000 years.

\-satan is released "for a short time" at the end of that millennium, in order to deceive people into one last battle to overthrow God (referred to as the second Gog/Magog war, however the names Gog/Magog are used in a manner of describing that war.   Like one might answer "it's the World Cup of football, when a foreign person might ask what the Super Bowl is)

\-The devil gets his butt kicked, again, and is cast into hell forever.

\-The real, 100% genuine "Judgement Day" happens, when all human  beings who have ever lived but did not place their faith in Jesus Christ are judged and condemned to hell for eternity

\-And finally. allllll the way down here on the list: It's the end of the world.  God creates a new heaven and a new earth, and eternity begins for those who are believers.  


The above is a general overview of what most believe, and yes I left out the "rapture", as it is pretty heavily debated as to when, or even if, it is going to happen.

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

But really?  In the big picture perspective, there is one thing, and one thing only that matters.  And that is what a person chooses to believe.  The devil has spent millennia twisting the truth to make religion this bizarre side-show-freak of an animal, all to obscure the simple truth that the Grace of God is the ONLY way to heaven, and the only way to receive that Grace is simply to believe that Jesus is His son, and that he died for you, and to confess that openly, even if to an empty room.  


I'm sure I'll catch all sorts of condemnation from other believers for saying this, but Jesus died on the cross \*once\*, for \*all\*.  "All" meaning not just believers.  The sins of all man-kind, past, present, and future, for both the individual and the masses, are nailed to the cross with Him, and forgiven.   
Salvation is merely a point at which people decide to let Jesus be the payment for their sins, as opposed to trying to pay for it themselves.  There are no "works" involved with salvation, and anyone, \*ANYONE\* who tries to tell you different is by their own word denying that His death on the cross was enough.  If it's a preacher telling you, it's likely they are simply looking to have power over you.  


Yes, works is part of the life of a believer, but we do "works" not because we are under any law, we do works because we are expressing thankfulness, love, and respect for what was done for us.  

&#x200B;

If you truly believe in God, works will be the result, but because of the death of Jesus, and because God resurrected Him from the dead, you can believe in Him, then "fall away", find your way into a life of wickedness, etc., and you are still saved and forgiven.   "For all have sinned and fall short of the glory of God" isn't just a "before they were saved" thing.  There is not one single Christian out there who hasn't committed sins since they were saved.

&#x200B;

Ephesians 2:8-9 "For by Grace we are saved, through faith; and that not of yourselves: it is the Gift of God: not by works, lest no man should boast"  


If you've read to this point, I hope it was at least informative.
How?  Our schools are overrun.  Our hospitals are overrun.  Our police are understaffed.  Housing is too expensive.  Cali is broke.  Taxes are too high.  Homeless are living in tent cities.  We are just now getting enough job growth to get Americans working.  


We do not have unlimited resources.


&nbsp;


https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LPjzfGChGlE

The famous gumball video!
I guess you didn’t listen to debate?  Two or three of them have actual plans rather than hyperbole and touched on most everything you mentioned. 

P.S. Cali is the fifth largest economy in the world and that’s when compared against entire countries...I t’s doing just fine.
https://magaimg.net/img/8b95.jpg


Cali is heartbreaking.  With more people coming every day!


https://magaimg.net/img/8b98.jpg


I know it sucks to ask someone to watch a vid.  But the gumball video is a good one I promise.  It shows how we have to help the world's poor in their own homes.  :)  We can make their lives better where they live.
The only known cure for world poverty is the empowerment of women; especially over their reproductive rights.

But what does this have to do with the original accusation that 10/all dems don’t like America?  Unless you agree their character and actions prove their patriotism more than the absence of flags on this particular day?
I feel like the absence of American flags means something.  I believe it means they didn't believe it was a priority to include it.  I believe they are more interested in focusing on non-Americans.  I think it's better to take care of our own vulnerable homeless, children and women first.  And help the world's poor in their own countries.


&nbsp;


That's all.  :)
>absence of flags on this particular day

It's not just this particular day. 2015 dnc convention they did it too. It's a total afterthought to them
Welcome to the team. Take a seat, get comfy, and remember: there are no brakes on this train!
Welcome to the quarantine zone, where we're all considered dangerous for different opinions.
Did the same today... All I've seen is good informative posts and people having quality conversations. Such hate. (fart noise)
We don't all agree here. No one does. But we see larger fundamental problems that unite us. There is a lot of prejudice in the world today and I think one of the biggest things we are currently grappling with is the far left equating all Conservatives as bigots not realizing the irony. T_D is a small slice of Conservatives, we're all over the place on monetary policy but are united against identity politics. I'll always welcome anyone who wants to fight with us!
AOC would call this a concentration camp
To be honest. I avoided the sub because I didn't like the glorifying of a politician. I had many quarrels over Trump before voting for him. Those quarrels has only increased. However, free speech is my number1 issue right now. I'm in. Get ready for MemeWar2020 my friends.
I subbed today b/c of the articles I read as well.  Not a huge reddit user.
Bring your friends, bring your popcorn, sit back and watch liberal heads explode.
Welcome aboard. It means alot OP. It takes a lot of bricks to build a wall. Our strength is in our numbers
When people rely on censorship to attain groupthink and then call everyone who disagrees with it "fascists", you know that you are dealing with liberals.
Good call friend, censorship isn't cool
Thank you for standing with us on this issue.
Grab a coat, and take a brick ;)
Today I learned that i am considered dangerous.  So dangerous that a "normal person" has to click through a "are you sure you want to see this" warning to see me discuss politics with like minded people.
I sub to almost anything that's quarantined.
Someone get this Patriot a coat
HI FREN GET IN WE SAVIN THE WORLD
We always had a spot for you, glad you showed up!
Have you received your complimentary coat?
Welcome young Padawan Pede.
Same. Reddit is the google of...well, reddit.
Have a coat friend
If every supporter does a little something even as small as joining a subreddit, then we are millions strong. If everyone flails their hands and gives up then we are powerless. So your not much is actually a whole lot!
Welcome to the resistance!
don't post violent things though!
Welcome brother!!
Looks like you'll be banned now from a bunch of tolerant non-violent subs. Might want to scrub your history. The non-violent lefties will doxx you. Because their violence is encouraged by the Reddit admins.
WE LOVE YOU NEW PEDE. Keep fighting
Holy shit you post on the_donald!  Go back to the_donald nazi!



-  Paid shill posters from China, India and Iran
Thank you for standing against censorship!
I see news here about 3 weeks before the mainstream media will touch it
i joined today as well.. this is not the america my grandpa fought for in ww2. media meddeling and censorship of freedom of speech should be treated as treason.
Just know that you will lose karma, be banned from other subs, be shadowbanned with your comments and no longer be able to participate in the entirety of the Reddit community
Here, have a coat!
36,000 online right now, wow
>I know it may not mean much

Nah I means a lot. Every member counts
Most recently the violations have included threats of violence against police and public officials. 

As a visitor or member, you can help moderators maintain the community by reporting and downvoting rule-breaking content.   --- The Speztapo.
WELCOME!!
Grab a coat and a brick! Welcome to the team.
Welcome fren
I like how people are saying that because of the quarantine this sub won't have bots upvoting everything like before...

Those simple minded fools don't know those upvotes aren't actually bots. It's be funny if it wasn't so sad.
Quarantining T_D is the worst thing Reddit has ever done.... for THEM!
Welcome.
Welcome, pariah!
Welcome aboard!!
Same here pal. Free speech above all else
Were you a cheese maker?

I was a cheese maker.
Welcome patriot. Have a coat.
Happiest place on the internets!
Everyone here instead of on the rest of reddit does mean something, it means the admins are losing control of their own platform. If they sink T_D they'll destroy their own site if everyone supports freedom of speech. Happy to have you here.
Welcome! You wont be let down. We have some funny people, some clever people and the most attractive people as well😂 Dont we folks?
Welcome!! LET'S MAGA
Same, I've heard about this sub before, but the current irritating trends in media convinced me to join.
I unsubbed everywhere else I was joined to except here.
T_D has my exclusive Reddit support, ban it and once I find out where You all went I will join you.
Welcome, fren
Did someone mention Bricks??
Thank you for your support, Mr. SHards.
Welcome xe! Don't want to offend you by chance :)
t. boomer
Welcome!
Thank you
Thank you!
Welcome friend help yourself to some waffle brownies :D
Ancap fren joining.  Hi ya all.
It means a ton.  Welcome aboard!
Welcome aboard. Fair warning: This train has no breaks!

spez: or brakes.... boy I’m dumb.
Thank you and welcome!
Thank you!
Welcome aboard! There’s always room for another patriot here.
Reddit has joined Google to become modern day book burners. Joined today.
The Donald is the only reason most of us have a Reddit account. This quarantine shit this morning felt like taking a shower and realizing halfway thru that your towel is upstairs.
Where is this man/woman's coat? Get this person a coat.
Hey welcome to this subreddit!  Do yourself a favor and check out RSBN rallies on YouTube if you haven't already. KEK

If you have great!
VOTE ACCORDINGLY
Welcome fellow patriot! Everyone is welcome here so long as you're reasonable, respectful and believe in American values!
Welcome aboard buddy! Give this guy a coat!
I'm a Trump supporter but never joined this community until now when we were finally attacked.
Ya have to join now to be able to read it easily. It was already basically boxed off anyways. Anyone claiming this sub is unmodderated or threatens cops is lying or retarded.
Been here for a while. Not fully became a member until tonight. I made a post back in February that got great responses to it. 

I won't stand for these guys trying to silence our voices. They start here and continue on. They've targeted Alex Jones, then Crowder and now they've come for us here. We must stop this. NOW!!!
[Welcome](https://youtu.be/L8Yo9jFIgzY). There are some good subreddits out there that are not suffering from TDS, but they are usually suppressed from the front page as well.
Go hang out at 2XChromosomes (isn’t that phobic) for awhile.  They are a baby killing cult.
It means a lot. Welcome to the team.
Man the sub was even hidden on my subscriptions. I had to find a hyperlink on an old post from another subreddit to even get back here.
Yep.  I only go to this sub and crypto subs.
Welcome to The\_Donald! I'm so glad that we are going to come back even stronger in support of our president and our country after this complete disgrace.

Glad to have you aboard!
We are so glad you are here!  Welcome!
GET THIS MAN A COAT
I barely post on reddit, so im gonna try to post more because of this nonsense.  They can get away with smaller subs like sargon of akkad, but I think this sub is too big to pull this in the long run if there's more activity.
<3 You mean a Great Deal to us <3 

Welcome home, Patriot!
I'm sad
Aye lad
Hey! Everyone person has a voice and counts. Welcome!
Same.  I saw the quarantine as a news story on Youtube and came by to join up.
They couldn't of gave better publicly by trying to quarantine
It seems ridiculous that they would ban the Presidents sub. He's the fucking President, whether anyone likes it or not. All the same people that were complaining about how people disrespected Obama while he was President are the ones calling for the silencing of Trumps' supporters. 

Bunch of assholes that insist that if you don't agree with them, it's because you're an evil person, and they're better than you with some moral high ground. It's horseshit.
Welcome pede
Welcome aboard. Pede!! 🎉🎉 It's truly amazing that the more they try to censor us, we are getting more subscriber!! 💊💊
Choo choo THERE ARE NO BRAKES! The Trump Train is now at 10047592097432 the speed of light.

I miss our bots...
**BILL**
Somebody get this guy a coat!
Gonna need a self-defense brick, too.  Things are feeling uncertain at the moment.
It is also the most idea tolerant place here. If you make a case against the wisdom here, you will actually be listened to.
CHOO CHOO!
Lets all spread logic and some Spicy memes as much as we can.

make noise and spread the word that censorship is not good for anyone
Their next move it to delete this sub.. they hid it from search algorithms, when that didn't work they quarantined it...
“Billy don’t go near them! You may be infected by different opinions!”
We even love and accept green people here
We're just a bunch of refugee children getting raped by the admins.
We all did get branded with yellow flair so there's that.
Because you really have to think about it.
Today, you are ONE OF US and WE ARE ONE!  Welcome!
Come for meme's, stay a while and get the red pills.
He's not a politician.
And we can respect that. Welcome to the sub!
My ninja.

DenzelNodding.gif
What kind of quarrels do you have if you don’t mind sharing
You da man.

A true patriot. Godspeed.
Its not the bomb yo.
Same.  Not subbing to any funky NAMBLA-esque shit, but any pearls-clutching quarantines imposed because of fee-fees immediately result in my subscription.
Take my umbrella.
F
F for the bots. Nyet!!!
Hey Canadian fren...what the heck is going to happen do you think?
Right now I am seeing easily double the number of people normally on at this time - and it seems like it has been that way all day long.
Is the URL that hard to remember lol?
We also had fun flair and a cool side bar.  It’s tough being on the right side of history.  Lots of boring now, but we still have each other.
Wait, so brick bot, train bot, and coat bot are gone?! 😭 Booooo!
#[WE JUST CAN'T STOP WINNING, FOLKS! THE TRUMP TRAIN JUST GOT 10 BILLION MPH FASTER!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hgM2xN5TPgw#196849385117000)

#CURRENT SPEED: 207,639,385,117,000 MPH!

At that rate, it would take approximately 8.082 years to travel to the Andromeda Galaxy (2.5 million light-years)!

I do what I can.
Where the f--k is TRAIN BOT? Did those bastards kill train bot?!
Ah, fuck, the bots are gone too?! I miss Winky Trump...
Wait... no bots? How will we get this patriot a coat?
Wait we lost our bots?
Hahahahahaha good bot. Playin but that shit mad me laugh hard.
Wait wait wait, did the quarantine remove our flair and bots?
WE JUST CAN'T STOP WINNING, FOLKS! THE TRUMP TRAIN JUST GOT 10 BILLION MPH FASTER!

CURRENT SPEED: 324,809,385,117,000 MPH!

At that rate, it would take approximately 5.166 years to travel to the Andromeda Galaxy (2.5 million light-years)!
Haha. Nice!
#Clinton
[removed]
3,909,758,874,186,104 coats for patriots were given out today.
**FOR THE LOVE OF GOD GET THIS PATRIOT A COAT! THATS 205,000-ish COATS HANDED OUT!**

We are 68.8% of our goal to coat the 298,695 great people of Anchorage, Alaska. Let's make sure everyone gets a coat in the United States! For every Centipede a coat, for every coat a Centipede!  [Meme Reference!](https://youtu.be/OiYVVT1aQFM)

^(\*coat bot is feeling under the weather, so coats distribution will be performed on a volunteer basis.)
FOR THE LOVE OF GOD GET THIS PATRIOT A BRICK! THAT'S 146109 BRICKS HANDED OUT!

We are at 20.5791221632628073305486464% of our goal to BUILD THE WALL starting from Imperial Beach, CA to Brownsville, Texas! Let's make sure everyone gets a brick in the United States! For every Centipede a brick, for every brick a Centipede!

At this rate, the wall will be 1606.60998275801025079224496 MILES WIDE and 428.175925654838233107647676 FEET HIGH by tomorrow! DO YOUR PART! 

brick bot is feeling under the weather, so brick distribution will be performed on a volunteer basis
"if they touch you, you could be contaminated. Symptoms include racism, sexism, homophobia, transphobia, and meninism!"
Especially Pepes.
And being separated from our Pepes.
Do we outside of T_D?
https://preview.redd.it/9vzuizyk0t031.jpg?width=486&auto=webp&s=47ea8f25d3d0e34b2a7309f2e0edb75fc510591b
One of us!

One of us!
Have you heard of Andrew Schulz?

"My nilla."
That's one umbrella handed out?
we'll have to get married and enjoy life until the left throw us into camps 

-cries-
They can't stop us. If this sub gets banned do they not think that another will take its place?
I'm guessing the quarantine messes up the bot somehow, didn't notice they not here til this thread
Give this man a trainload of brick coats!!!
They killed them.  And they have the audacity to call us violent?
Yes Damnit they did
“Look how they massacred my boy(s)”
You're a gentleman and a scholar, gaydicks3000.
You, gaydicks3000, are my first reddit follow. Praise Kek!
They killed them all. The Genocide of all our dope bots. For what? I'll never be able to inflict quad damage again. Or give a warm coat to a fellow pede. I'm less worried about brickbot since the real wall is already coming along nicely. But most of all I miss the Trump train bot. No Brakes! RIP
I love coats and bricks
#IS
This is the type of high energy, high effort stuff I come to this place for. Bless you
I love you
Good Bot Impersonator!!  :D
Then from across the street, a man with a brain amd a MAGA hat, "Or as normal people call it, being sane."
[Free Kekistan](https://magaimg.net/img/8b6t.jpg)
I fckn miss Pepe sidebar pics
yes.  It's in your post history now so anyone who looks at your post history sees the yellow badge of truth.
Yep, that's it right there!
WERE AT .0005% OF UMBRELLAS NEEDED TO COVER SEATTLE. AT THIS RATE JUNKIES WONT HAVE TO SHOOT UP IN THE RAIN IN 185 YEARS!
yeah..I think so. :)
Cut off one sub... 2 more take its place. All hail Pepe.😂
Now they can't call td posters "Russian bots"
^Can ^we ^get ^our ^cool ^special ^effects ^back ^too?
Man we were at like 22% done on brick bot. I hope theyll be back
This is so sad. Can we get this man a coat?
 

**FOR THE LOVE OF GOD GET THIS PATRIOT A COAT! THATS 205,000-ish COATS HANDED OUT!**

We are 68.8% of our goal to coat the 298,695 great people of Anchorage, Alaska. Let's make sure everyone gets a coat in the United States! For every Centipede a coat, for every coat a Centipede!

This bot was created by devious1087, feedback always welcome. [Meme Reference!](https://youtu.be/OiYVVT1aQFM)

^(\*coat bot is feeling under the weather, so coats distribution will be performed on a volunteer basis.)
A
Fuck you spez

The fun police has arrived
Is that really the full list of candidates? Holy begeezus.
Let them. It doesn’t scare me
GOOD BOT
Well done. I've seen junkies shooting up in Seattle and they need those umbrellas.
i sent you a chat message so we can communicate if the donald goes down!

:D
RAPIST.
Wait wtf, was your comment removed by a reddit admin because it resembled our coat mod?
We will wear it with pride, together!
Thank you. 8)
**INFOWARS DOT COM**
Not mine but appears someone elses was
#Trump Pride Month
You two are the cutest!  :D
I always upvote these.  You should too!
In a time of need it takes a pede!
Came here to say this.
:`)
The tech companies should realize that even IF what they are doing they believe is justified in some fashion, it's not going to be interpreted that way. After the "video that shall not be named" came out the other day, it's going to look like the tech companies are truly doing what they are being called out for.
come n get em libs and soyboys, they're good for ya
Streisand effect
it doesn't take a genius to figure out conservatives are polite & well informed, and have a sense of humor too 

best club I've ever been in, beats the heck out of living in a hippie commune (it was 60's OK?)
**42 THOUSAND** people here right now
that's how it was for me. i've been a redditor for a long time but i never bothered to come here until i heard about what a cesspool it was. it took me all of about two minutes to realize it was feigned outraged.
The more you tighten your grip, Vader, the more star systems will slip through your fingers.
 #artofthebackfire
here have some red pills :

- CNN July 2014 : "Border crisis could last a long time"

- CNN July 2018 : "There has been no publicly available evidence that Trump or his subordinates knowingly conspired with a Russian effort to help him win power in 2016."

- AP / UN 1989 : "A senior U.N. environmental official says entire nations could be wiped off the face of the Earth by rising sea levels if the global warming trend is not reversed by the year 2000."

- Bernie Sanders 2007 : "If poverty is increasing and if wages are going down, I don't know why we need millions of people to be coming into this country as guest workers who will work for lower wages than American workers and drive waged down even lower than they are now" 

- Obama 2005 : "We simply cannot allow people to pour into the U.S. undetected, undocumented, unchecked, and circumventing the line of people who are waiting patiently, diligently, and lawfully to become immigrants in this country." 

- Obama 2013 : "Real [immigration] reform means establishing a responsible pathway to earned citizenship - a path that includes passing a background check, paying taxes and a meaningful penalty, *learning English, and going to the back of the line behind the folks trying to come here legally*."
Here's some secret info for the new people. People reading this, feel free copying and pasting this in various posts to spread. Send it to liberals your arguing with online and friends and family in real life, and maybe they will come around, maybe not immediately, but will cause them to think, and eventually they will come around. This is where all this Leftist cray comes from:

In the early 1900s, a group at the Frankfurt School developed Critical Theory to convert the West to Communism

Basically, the Frankfurt School plan was to undermine the Judaeo-Christian legacy. They called for the most negative destructive criticism possible of every sphere of life to de-stabilize society and destroy what they saw as the 'oppressive' order. 

They hoped their policies would spread like a virus--'continuing the work of the Western Marxists by other means' as one of their members noted.

To further the advance of their 'quiet' cultural revolution - but giving us no idea about their plans for the future - the School recommended (among other things):

 1. The creation of racism offences.

 2. Continual change to create confusion

 3. The teaching of sex and homosexuality to children

 4. The undermining of schools' and teachers' authority

 5. Huge immigration to destroy identity.

 6. The promotion of excessive drinking

 7. Emptying of churches

 8. An unreliable legal system with bias against victims of crime

 9. Creating dependency on the state or state benefits

 10. Control and dumbing down of media

 11. Encouraging the breakdown of the family

One of the main ideas of the Frankfurt School was to exploit Freud's idea of 'pansexualism' - the search for pleasure, the exploitation of the differences between the sexes, the overthrowing of traditional relationships between men and women. To further their aims they would:

*attack the authority of the father, deny the specific roles of father and mother, and wrest away from families their rights as primary educators of their children.

*abolish differences in the education of boys and girls

*abolish all forms of male dominance - hence the presence of women in the armed forces

*declare women to be an 'oppressed class' and men oppressors 

Following Adolf Hitler's rise to power in 1933, the Institute left Germany for Geneva, before moving to New York City in 1935, where it became affiliated with Columbia University.
Media matters btfo
Hey reddit are you a publisher or platform?
~20 total inappropriate comments out of 100000/day?  Clearly the benevolent sword of progressivism is needed to cleanse the unpure!
came here to troll and see gross racism, became a pede and meme'd trump to the presidency
Best timeline
This is why well get shut down very soon.
I guess I can say Thanks Reddit without any sarcasm. Love seeing these high numbers, no breaks!
Here's some horrible content:

Bill Clinton is a Rapist
What frustrates me are the lies. I can see the truth with my own eyes, and I've never seen hatred on TD. At all. Maybe a few assholes here and there but that's about it.

What frustrates me even more is that people are so brainwashed that they believe the lies about TD. They tell us *we're* the brainwashed ones. It's sad and depressing. Some of these people are too far gone, how can we undo the brainwashing?
Mmmmm red pills. Delicious
I'm not a trump fan, but against cencorship. Elites don't want this man in power.. that's why I joined
It should be obvious to everyone to be on our best behavior. Do not let this situation goad you into acting irrationally, we have done nothing wrong.

Follow the site wide and this subreddit's rules. Do not validate the libel against this community.

Deport all shills and trolls. 

Most of all, MAKE A RACKET. Don't brigade, but be loud enough that we get people's attention.
That is how I turned. I came over to see what’s so bad and saw nothing.
We wanted those outside to see what the rest of Reddit hates. Basically, we treat you like Chick-fil-a. Welcome to T_D. Have a coat. And maybe a brick. We’ve got work to do. No stopping the Trump Train, boys!
Since when did conservatives not like law enforcement?
This is the only reddit where I haven't been insulted.
They only know how to lose, they just can't win!
The visitors are just seeing real fascism at work.
It’s amazing how many people claim to never post here but also claim to have seen tons of inappropriate posts here.   You would think the actual people that post here would have seen something, but I damn sure haven’t.
OP’s username aged like fine wine.
We will not be silenced!
The reactions to Trump is what made me realize I was in a boat with lunatics heading towards a disastrous waterfall.  This is certainly going to hurt them.
Hello world, we've missed you.
It's the Streisand Effect
##we are going to need more coats!
Come see how your glorious media manipulates the narrative. 

Come learn
We're unsubbing from all subs except TD. If enough pedes do it reddit will know we mean business, pass it on!
On the positive side, now any post from r/The_Donald that appears on my front page of reddit is tagged with quarantined for easier identification when I'm looking for new hot stuff from the subreddit
It's election season, the fascist Left can't have any opposing opinions..
Literally just logged into this account for the first time in so long, wheres the bad stuff? seriously
Reading about google's suppression of the sub in their search results is what brought me here. Now it's my favorite haunt!
Honestly, it almost seems like reddit wants us to grow at this point.
#TOP KEK
As I’ve said before, They will get the Donald shut down before election.    This is just a first step.    It actually requires government action to control these tards that don’t believe in free speech on a public forum.   They are on a noble mission to prevent another trump apocalypse,   Can I say I want to slap them very gently, a love slap, right in their face now that we are quarantined?
Why was this Sub Quarantined?
I'll bet they thought it was gonna be like Voat over here or something. LoL.
It makes me so happy to see that the day the reddit admins try and tell the world how violent we are is the day my chickfila meme post makes it to the t_d front page.

SOMUCHVIOLENTCONTENT
This made my day.
Conservatives respect the law, respect the police and we proudly stand for the red white and blue.  President Trump 2020🇺🇸
Problem is I just googled the_donald subreddit and there wasn’t one result that linked to this sub...just pages and pages of fake news about the_d
Streisand effect in full
I am a long time lurker on T_D and voted for the man in 2016 albeit I doubted his effectiveness to govern. I voted merely on the basis that insanity is repeating the same action over and over while expecting a different result. Thus far, I have not been disappointed. He can clearly govern as the results have shown with the economy. I also stayed for the shitposting because I am easily amused and I don't care if im banned from other subs after posting this because chances are I am banned from posting after posting on KIA.
quarantine on reddit means a sign of quality content as far as i'm concerned
Been here since the primaries in 2016, these people are full of crap. MAGA
Ah Silicon Valley commies at it again banning anything to the right of Comrade Sanders. Censorship will not work.
The subs appear to have jumped significantly. Didn't we just cross 700k a month ago?
Oh no that sucks
The red pill has been quarantined forever. What else is new. Red pills were top dog 70 years ago. Now we are all saturated with blue pills.
Lol we are reddit. t_d is more recognizable than the alien logo. We are reddit's only claim to fame
This is outright censorship. I mean, is it right for one individual to have the right to act as a gatekeeper and censor the content we access and share online, or the whole channel quarantined even? Social media censorship like this restricts the open exchange of ideas. Personally, I think it is unacceptable. I like what Historia guys are doing to combat internet censorship. From what I gathered, Historia Network is using blockchain technology, IPFS, and encryption technologies to allow people to share current and future events as accurately as possible without worrying about the content being censored or deleted by a third party. Users also vote on content — much like Reddit. I think the decentralized nature of blockchain makes it impossible for any private individual to restrict access to content shared on the blockchain, whether they are controversial or not. What do you think about [Historia](https://historia.network/) Network’s approach to combating internet censorship?
This is only gonna make this subreddit more attractive than a "keep out" or "private" sticker on a package.  
  *  
  BONUS:  now when I look at my response summary page I know which are the ones I left here thanks to the big yellow "Quarantine" sticker --- WIN WIN!!
I am glad for the quarantine. 

I am so happy to be here. 

I feel like I'm fucking crazy watching the DNC debate. No one has any plan, no reason for any view. Just that mcconnell and Trump are bad.

Wtf man.

I'm a young man, and just want things in politics to make sense. And I'll tell you, this debate isn't it
keep an eye on the lipsy queer

that's the type that will come on here with a random handle and start talking violence and other nonsense and then try to get the sub banned because of it......interesting lipsy queer was talking about this sub being banned the day before.

&#x200B;

and Google immediately updates search results for finding the sub.....almost like it was coordinated.....can't wait to see what Project Veritas releases next!
what was the content they were using as justification?? I saw the donald reddit on twitter they said mods had been stripped of power
MAGA.

That is all.
I found these in only 10 minutes. When does Bad_Cop_No_Donut get it's quarantine?

http://magaimg.net/img/8b8q.png

http://magaimg.net/img/8b8r.png

http://magaimg.net/img/8b8s.png

http://magaimg.net/img/8b8t.png

http://magaimg.net/img/8b8u.png

Please make sure admins and the CEO (as well as media) sees this.
Step 4: profit?
Be nice to our new visitors. Invite them to check out other subs on the opposite side of the spectrum to compare - subs like esist, enoughtrumpspam and the AntiFa, commie types. 

There is no comparison.
Wait for it... "iT's tHe rUsSIAnS!!1!!oneone!!1"
Thanks, Reddit admins.

You fucking idiots! 🤣
###**Exactly.**
Streisand effect
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Streisand_effect
womp womp
I just realized that it didn't mean that we could still post. lol.
How will they know, only threads about the quarantine.
Is this like a DJ Khaled "you just played yourself" moment?
What does being a quarantined sub change?
The Cyber Police are here Reddit... they say you dun goofed.
Anyone got some sauce for the supposed calls to violence??? I can't find anything.
Another reasoan of why lying never works. Censoring facts and opinions is the weapon of the weak, the very weak.
Google Jen Gennai algorithmic fairness is evil
So basically this was quarantined bc it's election time.
Let’s send spez a thank you glitter card
They're playing chess against themselves.
Welcome to Vichy France, boys. The internet is now an authoritarian puppet state.
They've helped us win one of the first major battles leading up to the 2020 Meme war.
Fuck these liberal nazis.
Isn't that always the case though? Libs cry wolf at how horrible something is, then those who know better go over to see what triggered them so hard so as to adequately mock them for it.
Having not visiting the T_D for a few days because I've been busy with other tasks...  But I decided to check things out today and to my surprise I found the quarantine.

Since I've joined this subbreddit back in 2016 I have not seen one (threats of violence against police and public officials) not one threat of violence against anyone!

I figure radical democrats live in a false sense of reality so they have to get rid of things or those who challenge them? This way they make people see the world, the way they see it!

For those who don't know a new platform is coming and it's called *ThinkSpot* you can check it out with a back link in this tweet...

https://twitter.com/realTeamfi/status/1138912167330177025

#I'm on a waiting list to join.  I think it might be interesting...
Have been subscribed to T_D since summer of 16.  Today I had to resubscribe after noticing I haven't heard from you guys for a day.  This is fucking scary.  They unsubscribed me.
Not only are there no calls for violence here, there members of every ethnicity, gender and sexual preference.


What doesn't exist here are victim mindsets, socialists, freeloaders, calls for equality of outcome and the perpetually offended.

This place is great. This is where the do'ers are.
The Streisand effect. They’ll never learn.
I heard from a radical NPC gay man that it’s 100% pro Russia Nazi propaganda and somehow also (insanely) pro cop killer.  Instead I found fun and totally sane people who all love sanely conducted law and order and who all possess a measurable level of IQ and still have the capacity for analytic and rational thought!  Amazing!
Oh goody. The Streisand affect
Liberals excel at snatching defeat from the jaws of victory.
Total BS. Really the only reason I have enjoyed reddit. I now unsubscribed from all other groups except the Donald and one other private group that is mostly pro Trump.
all the kids who are being forced fed the globalist propaganda at school love Trump and are all red pilled. The more they try and censor us the greater the fightback. What young person these days wants to be one of these censoring limp wrist blue hair tossers? Fuck these people.
People want what they can't have so they came here for the truth
neh i came here cause i seen a video by 
MR. OBVIOUS tittled Reddit Quarantined The_Donald and Threatened it's Moderators, so i thought sure fuck it time to put on my maga hat with 5 pins of the our flag and a i voted sticker and said i want some fun and joined
\>Press

And the press lies about what they see here.
this reads like a 4chan post. All you're missing is 4 >'s
UN~FUCK~ING BELIEVABLE
This is like what they tried to do to Black Pigeon Speaks a well or so back.  More lies to try and besmirch our reputation.
You know the only racist comment I've seen on here was severely shit on by all the pedes. I still dont get how they can continue that this is a hate sub
Which is why they will post stuff in here to fulfill that image
What are the backup forums for when the commies finally shut this sub down?  

Not surprised they took this first step on the day of the communist shitshow.
Gotta fight the blood libel by the Ton Ton Macucks, but move forward  with #T_Dexit.

Don't forget to unsub from all subs but this place
Hey is it normal for Reddit to un-subscribe you from quarantined subs? I only really use mobile, and I opened the app to read the sub and I wasn't even subscribed anymore. 

On top of that, cucked Google wouldn't lead me here (innovation btw), so I had to manually go to duckduckgo just to find the sub again. Now I'm not even sure if I can view it on mobile :(
[removed]
Whoopsie
"National press"
(reposting because relevant)

now... I'm not one to advocate blasting this on social AND traditional media, but...

Fox / Crowder / Veritas / lots of slightly right-leaning youtubers would be more than happy to spread the word.
I refreshed the page every few seconds for a minute and every time it reloaded there were 10 more subs. The enemy's plan is backfiring.
What the fuck. I've seen some trolling and some things that I don't agree with in here. Generally though, I enjoy the content here, and enjoy participating in it. I've never seen any content calling for violence against, not only the police, but anyone. I feel like a conspiracy theorist, but this seems like it's an attempt to silence Pro Trump voices.
The tech companies are just being blatant. I am  a center left person and was never a fan of Trump, but these people sure are making him look good. 

&#x200B;

What I find most appalling is that the far left is cheering them. Remember when the left was against gigantic corporations meddling on politics and peoples lives? If they think they can control the grotesque monster they are creating they are mistaken.
Gets national press? I took a nap, what'd I miss?
The subscriber count growth has quickened, and quickened not unsignificantly.  Not unsignificantly at all.
I haven't visited this sub more than twice, none of them recently, but when I heard that it was quarantined for "promoting violence" I didn't need to visit to know what had happened.
Hope this is the case!
Fascism is back
We need another GEOTUS AMA this week, it would be glorious
This might have been the worst thing they could’ve done. 

They think they are pushing us to the back burning but they are just showing their hand for what they truly have and fuel the fire against them. 

Trump 2020 MAGA
I unsubbed from all my joined subs except for T_D. 
Get rid of T_D and I get to finally be rid of all my social media. Tired of supporting Reddit.
Tougher getting rid of Youtube but I can see it happening soon, waiting for Media Matters to gut that place too.
this is the proof of bias against 
Trump
They just dont know how to handle him
They removed T_D from my multis.  Soy boy cunts.
Can we actually see the post that caused this subreddit to be quarantined?
Can someone please tell me whether there are brakes on this train or not?
Yeah, I think their censorship attempts are only going to bring more people here, it's going to backfire
How can you even find it?  I had to work hard to even find this.
What they don't realize is this. Even if you "silence" all these places people go to, the people who are supporting Trump aren't just gonna disappear. Those people have always been around. Whether you kick someone off youtube, or twitter or vimeo, or even reddit, all those supporters are still there watching it all. You bet they will show up to the polls again after seeing all the silencing going on. 

Media polls are definitely wrong. They are terrified of Trump's support. Restricting this reddit is bad and points many people here. Its like the Mueller report. Trump gained a lot of supporters after that fail of a report came out.
The Streisand Effect.
That's why a lot of non-republicans have joined. Free speech is often taken for granted.
We made RT Today...it's big,it's bad,its worldwide
they thought the quarantine would silence this subreddit.

it is and will continue to blow up in their smug entitled faces.
New subscriber. This title is *exactly* what happened to me today.

I always resisted the most egregious leftist horseshit, but I still was one of the "I don't like trump," people, prefacing everything I said with it.

I'm realizing I've never and will never hear the truth about this man from the powers that be.
[Who's Crying Now?](https://youtu.be/9meo3vazXcw)
Referencing the 2nd Amendment against tyrannical policies will always be considered a threat of violence to such individuals when clearly the reference was to the mobilization of various militias to ensure the liberty of the Republican Senators.
Sure. Keep believing this and taking no real action. That will totally fix things.
I came, I saw, I left
Are you kidding?! It’s wall-to-wall horrible content!


The *only* thing that I don’t object to is your stance on free speech. It’s nice to be able to freely criticize this open trash fire of a sub.
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
To find who controls you, find who you are not able to criticize.



Or something like that.
Are we not allowed to say Google gate?
Well, they are.
> like the tech companies are truly doing what they are being called out for.

You meant to say tech companies are truly doing what they were caught on video admitting to
It's like they saw the unnamed video and thought, "Now that the cat is out of the bag, we can really up our game!"
#B I G L Y
#E D I T E D
What video is that? I'm a little behind on everything.
"IF IF IF IF IF IF IF" -Bath House Barry.
Didn't YT remove that video because it revealed the truth?
That's because the tech companies ARE truly doing what they are being called out for. It's frustrating when people don't want to believe it, or when people are all for it if they think it will help "their side" win an election or something. That kind of "win" isn't real, and will lead to bad things happening. I DON'T WANT THAT!
The PV video? Is it such a taboo on reddit? lmao
[It tastes like Ovaltine, like, *good!*](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3-ZqD9-W1_8)
I have read and posted on T_D daily since early 2016 (under different handles).

I have never once seen a threat of violence against law enforcement on this Domreddit.

Further, President Trump himself is the most vocal supporter of law enforcement and the military to occupy the White House in modern history.

The majority of comments I see here regarding police are positive, except in certain threads alleging police brutality/complaining about certain laws.

However, leftists routinely encourage and commit violence against police and other citizens, particularly groups such as BLM and Antifa, which are praised or at least tolerated elsewhere on Reddit.

Reddit is once again applying a double standard and persecuting a large, mainstream community of users for the supposed "crime" of supporting the duly-elected president of the United States.

I make it a point to represent the pro-police perspective 100% of the time, and even in negative threads, to remind people that the actions of a minority are not equivalent to all or even most police officers.

Law enforcement is a crucial function in our society, and literally allows the law, and thus our society and country, to exist.

Cops are human beings, and human nature means sinfulness. However, American police are typically thoroughly vetted during the hiring process, and are usually highly law-abiding and principled individuals, if not perfect.

Anyone who has a problem with certain laws, such as drug laws, civil asset forfeiture, "quorum-busting" laws, etc., should remember that it is called law enforcement, and not law creation, for a reason.
First taste is free
Kinda hard to get left-leaning people on your side if you directly insult them
READ RICK JOYNER
They will finally be able to sustain an erection without viagra
[removed]
Spooky Vision
saw a funny cartoon:  kid complaining to his hippy mom about his weird name.  she replies, "stop bitching.  the way that party went down, you're lucky you weren't named after the dog."
It wasn't always like this.  At one point the conservatives were the ones trying to force their politics on everyone, had no sense of humor, and tried to censor everything.  The opponents were freedom minded and very much like you describe.

That is also how I know ultimately, the current wave of freedom loving conservatives will win.  Freedom always seems to win in the end.
I went to a commune in the Georgia woods. We were just in it for their nice private lake. Drank beer out there all day. That night we fled in the middle of the night when our treehouse was found to be infested with cockroaches. 3/10 would not commune with again.
Did you meet Layabout Bernie?
You lived in a hippie commune?  


AMA?
I'd go to a commune with T_D, at least then you know everyone is hard working and not Bernie Sanders types
42K SpicyAF pedes, sir
Yeah cuz now you need to join to see the content right?
You mean 420,000 - right?
Thank you for understanding this
Exactly this, just like any uninformed person I strongly disliked Trump as a candidate and much preferred Rand Paul (I know, I know) and after hearing how hateful this place was and how racist and awful the people here were, I came to check it out. I scoured the first few pages looking for anything resembling bigotry and only found a happy community of people meming, shitposting, and most importantly, researching heavily all of the vile shit our political oponents were up to. I immediately subscribed and never left since that day.
[removed]
Neat
That's very interesting. Do you happen to have a source for that? Asking out of genuine curiosity.
>Emptying of churches

Churches empty for reasons beyond the capacity of human beings to change

Underrated post.
But show the many dehumanizing comments or calls to violence coming out of redacted and they have nothing to say besides muh racism.
i hear you, came here to pity the horrible nazis walking on daylight and spreading their venom across the internet, laughed at a few good jokes and memes instead and subbed instantly, best sub ever!
I still believe in this timeline
Which will lead to even more news coverage and backlash. It isn't fun for us to have to deal with, but it isn't good for their agenda either.
INFOWARS.COM
The same way that the brainwashing was done by Hitler. We have to show them the true extent of how depraved their 'gods' are that they try to refuse to see.

Before that we have to defeat their 'gods' in order for that process to start.
Respect! Welcome, I think you'll like it here.
That's a nice sentiment and it's good you brought it up, but I think most of us would agree with me when I say I've never seen anything other than "best behavior". This how we are 24/7... there's no hate, there's no vitriol. We don't HATE leftists, we feel sorry for the stupid fucks, but we don't hate them! This is a place of high energy and love. Crazy that people still associate this sub with hate. Delusional.
That's how I got here and changed my opinion as well.
Same. Initiated by the night club shooting though. Every other sub completely removed any mention of it except for t_d and it brought a *lot* of people here. Shit, I guess reddit has been going down this path for some time.
Honestly there is not much bad posted here. Its going to surprise a ton od people. The only goal here is how we can make America great again.
Pretty sure all of our bots are gone, too???
Its so ridiculous that I think it's being used as a fuck you to t_d
We have prayer threads, for the love of Pete.
Hey, you're a jackass and you look funny!

Just kidding. You're probably a pretty alright guy. Whatever your political views, take care of yourself, enjoy life (it's too short), show respect to those deserving of it, and never let someone else think for you.
Did ya notice that one of the banned things on their list was the Veritas google video?
The bots are gone... bad bot.
What the hell. I was ready to delete my account when I thought they killed this sub. May as well let them know that I'm only here because of T\_D.  


EDIT: I got all but two. Kept one because they're actively supporting us and the other because it's one of the few subs that I actually need for information.    


Reddit needs to know that many of us are only here for T\_D. Hell, I wouldn't even be a Redditor if it weren't for this place. My first experiences with this platform were all garbage. But T\_D brought me in. Pisses me off.   


We need to find an alternative platform fast.
Wait we are finally back on the front page, or is it just personal front page?
Welcome! I think you'll like it here.
I just joined after hearing about the quarantine. Seems i've been missing out by not coming here earlier. Thanks reddit for getting my attention about t\_d.
Because all the media are liberals and dont like hearing differing view points. So they do the only thing they know how to do and get rid of it.
It's election time, duh
All the typical political answers, but two things are worth noting: the project veritas exposè on google was pushed hard here and censored hard everywhere else. The tech companies are getting each other's backs when it comes to pushing the karl marx/communist political agenda. Just look at the over 20 companies that teamed up to delete Alex Jones & Infowars in a span of 12 hours. Exposing google like that was not taken lightly, at all.

Second is [this media matters article from 2 days ago](https://www.mediamatters.org/research/2019/06/24/A-pro-Trump-subreddit-is-full-of-calls-for-violence-in-support-of-Oregon-Republicans/224018). I truly believe this was a greenlight to quarantine the subreddit. It's not a conspiracy theory, [media matters and a few other companies have been leading a censorship & subversion campaign on social media for some time now](https://www.scribd.com/document/337535680/Full-David-Brock-Confidential-Memo-On-Fighting-Trump#). The shareblue/mmfa/moveon etc cabal has a huge influence online to implement the elite's master plan.
I don't even actually use Google anymore because Google is Fake Search.
> I'm a young man, and just want things in politics to make sense.

Don't wait for that; I'm 53 and I haven't seen it happen yet. ;-)
Is this their game, then? Strip the mods of the ability to remove inappropriate content, then send shill accounts to post inappropriate content so that the board becomes full of this?
Well for The_Donald... this will change our subscriber count :D

Look forward to July 4th. That will be only moderately normal.
It is. Even when you elect to view a quarantined that you are subscribed to, it does not show up in your substitutions list.  Reddit admins are on thin ice indeed here.  May the rue this day to the end of theirs.

>So basically this was quarantined bc it's election time.

Yep.  And its all for nought.  Out of legitimate ideas that speak to the heart & soul of Americans, they turn to censorship and violence.  They sow the wind, only to reap a harvest of bitter tears.
Your comment was automatically removed because you linked to an anti-Trump domain. Please use archive.is for this website so we do not give them any undeserved traffic.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/The_Donald) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Also, even if there was a legit threat made (which I may have missed) they should at least apply the rules evenly.  I've seen plenty of times on r politics where people say stuff like "when are we going to storm DC and drag Trump and Pence out into the street?!"
It looks like Trump is a cure for most of them
Long live the DJT
3rd term if possible
>Tougher getting rid of Youtube but I can see it happening soon

What's "tough" about getting rid of Youtube? They are a shitty video hosting website, and nothing more. Just about anyone can throw video files on a webserver. I do this all the time. I want to make a video or image or something? I don't need some shitty Youtube, I just stick it on my server.

I mean, do you really care about the domain name of the site you view your vidyas on? I don't.
There are apparently not.
If you've got any ideas on what "action" we can take to combat this censorship, we're listening...

Seriously, people always complain,  myself included, about this type of shit, or repubs not standing up for their own, but most people don't know what to do about it.  I think more needs to be done as well, but I'm not internet savvy, nor do I boast a following of any kind. So what can we do? I share. I upvote. I comment. But my hands are tied for much more than that. 

Being a smart ass on here won't help, though... So, what do YOU think we should do?
Well, that's like, your opinion, man.
Username checks out.
You ever heard of satire?
Yeah, so? How is that horrible?
MRW Idk that I'm in a meme subreddit and my NPC brain overheats
Fucking shills.
Astronomically*

Am American, btw

You can read a quarantained sub just like a non-quarantained.
What about the democrats who refuse to actually try and fix the problem?
You realize a lot of "families" are in fact not families but coyotes using kids as human shields?
Someone can post something that goes against the rules... take a screenshot and post the screenshot as "Proof" that we allow that sort of behavior (we do not).  They can do that in mere seconds while most of us who see that kind of post/comment will be hitting the report button right away.  In the mean time over in another sub... "Look what kind of stuff The_Donald is posting!".  

We have hundreds of submissions an hour and we are reporting and blocking the rule violators as fast as we can.

That person who posted that.... Do they still have an account?  Message the mods the user name and proof of what they did and I can guarantee they will be banned.

Are you aware that the CEO of Reddit was caught editing our posts and changing the content of what we were writing here?  If not, let me know and I will comment a link to an unbiased source for proof.

We simply cannot police the world.  Bad actors will come in and make comments and posts and say that is how we are which is not true.  But how would you stop it from happening?
"To learn who rules over you, simply find out who you are not allowed to criticize." - Voltaire.
Yo man! Just a heads up, Voltaire didn't actually say that. Sadly it was this guy in the 1990s. A literal supremacist fuck :/

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kevin_Alfred_Strom
Isn't this a sub that bans any criticism off Trump? How can you say that with no sense of irony?
No, because Google is the gatekeeper.
Project Veritas exposed google
Woaaaaahhhhh
More news and great memes here than anywhere else online. This sub is a great party. Love you, pedes!  💕
Holy shit
"Drink...m...more....Ovaltine....? A crummy advertisement! How do ya like that"
On the other hand, leftist subs frequently have anti-law enforcement posts and threats against GEOTUS and his family.

Spez:  you pointed that out already I see... I should've read the whole comment before commenting.
they are delusional.  the "calls to violence" are things they are claiming that are like "create an uprising!" or "shit may hit the fan!" or "1776 rise up!" and shit like that. the reddit admins are fucking nazis
This is the best community I've been part of online. It is most definitely not anti-law enforcement. People say crazy things sometimes on here, sure, but that's the Internet. Most people who say things like that are just saying them facetiously and reactively, and with a little Internet anonymity, it comes off way worse than it is. And that happens on the left and the right. More importantly, it does not happen in great frequency here at all as these fake ass reports are saying. 

I have found almost everyone on this sub to be respectful, down to earth, sensible, and easy going. It's a political sub, sometimes people get salty, for sure. Suck it up. That's the way politics is, that's the way it always will be. Just stay out of it if you can't take a sharp elbow. I think it's complete bullshit that we have to pay a price because these leftists can't pick up on subtext and don't have senses of humor.
Everything they're claiming is reason to quarantine this sub = things that go on constantly on any leftist sub with no one batting an eye. This isn't surprising, but it's incredibly frustrating.
That's how they get you. Patriotism is addictive.
“Inbred stupidity”, says the wannabe edgy teenager. 

Now go cry yourself to sleep, as is your usually nightly ritual.
different times, for sure
Daaaaaaaaaaaaaamn
You must be talking about the JFK democrats.
Your comment does a good job highlighting the ambiguity of the labels "conservative" and "liberal". Those change all the time. The real labels should be "freedom lovers" and "tyrants". Those stay the same, and us Freedom Lovers have more to lose than Tyrants have to gain... we will always prevail.
Remember Anita Bryant?
The sex wasn’t worth? That’s probably the only reason I’d live on a commune - drug filled orgies and acoustic guitar.
no, but I did meet DiFi at a dem convention - was a delegate, back in the 80's, somewhere

you know, it was the 80's...
what do you what to know?  it was in college, lots of foreign students, a big garden, parties, chickens

back when college was great
I became slightly redpilled when a user referred me to r shitpoliticssays

Then I heard about TD and tried it out. Fell in love.

Mind you, I used to be a far-leftist person who believed every headline on r/all and bought into the redacted circlejerks.

TD is nothing like they say... I am willing to bet my house everyone criticizing it has never visited.
yyyaaawwnnnn
Just google Frankfurt school and other key terms.
Just wait until you find out how many of the racist white males...are none of those lol.
Seems like it.
I've literally never seen anything remotely anti-LEO here, if anything the opposite
lol thanks. I'm almost triggered by the amount of hate I get on reddit, whether it be authoritarian reddits or more libertarian ones.
Reddit is a glorified, shitty web forum. There is literally nothing special about them. If they fall on their faces, there will be more forums, just as there always has been.
Personal. If you are subbed I believe you will get t_d posts on your front regardless
>and dont like hearing differing view point

Said in a sub that bans everyone with a dissenting opinion.  You are all the biggest projecting snowflakes I have ever seen.
lool mcawkward listen to spockers,
I am in the middle of you two
and... it is shit, all over the world is the same
big media is controlled, all the same plan and stories planted for someones goal or gain.
Trump is an rougue element and they are all against it.

It just happened that if it wasnt for him we will be living now in disgraceful civil war followed by military coupe
i thought that is what i saw on thedonaldreddit twitter handle somewhere.

&#x200B;

plus the great lispy queer was tweeting about all of our incitements to hate yesterday, so the barrel was primed.
I've seen people call for violence against police in other subs. When they have politically charged anti police articles, the comment section is full of calls for violence against police.
It's the fact that so many good creators are there among the shit, not the domain name. Pretty sure JoergSprave doesn't post his content anywhere else, maybe like Patreon or something, but that place is also cancer. And that's just one somewhat obscure example of many.
Move away from the platform. Form a real free speech platform that doesn’t isolate itself toward conservative ideas. 

File lawsuits when easily identified laws are broken. 

Hold these companies to the own shitty standards they hold their users. 

If you want to talk what to do the time was 2 years ago honestly. But the opportunity now is still good. 

The real trick is to have enough principle so that when you become like an Instagram you don’t sell out your control to a larger company. 

It would also inevitably setting up your own hosting and server structure as you pretty much can’t trust any of the Silicon Valley companies to screw you over. 

Same thing on the finance end. Make sure you know the people writing the checks don’t require outrageous amounts of control 

And then the big one, when it comes to direct government involvement in your business, just say no.

Team up with whoever is supportive of just one of our issues, even if it is maoists, the ku-klux-klan, the latter-day-saints tabernacle choir or the MIT model railroad club.
Were seriously in a timeline where the left gets butthurt over memes and cartoon frogs that they have to silence us because they can’t handle it
[removed]
[removed]
Thanks!



Pretty obvious to see the groups in this day and age.



I like reading Chesterton at this point because he comments on how the majority is constantly abused in the West.  Special interest groups (race and religion) have huge influence.  In the early 1900's.  Same shit, different period.




Trump tried to stop that and they call him a nazi.
Does that mean "climate scientist" rule over me?
Damn children with cancer!

^/s ^of ^course ^im ^just ^meming
Woah.
It's a pretty great quotation, but Voltaire never wrote or said it.  There was a pretty good article on this topic a while ago in which a Voltaire expert was like, "Yup, he never said it, but it is generally speaking the kind of thing he would say".
>"To learn who rules over you, simply find out who you are not allowed to criticize." 

&#x200B;

Nope, Voltaire did not say this....a pedo and Holocaust denier Kevin Strom did....John Cusack made the same mistake.
Which would be us. We will speak the truth we will argue our thoughts no matter if you agree, we don't discriminate,everyone has their own opinions. As long as you MAGA we DGAF
Whoever it was still holds true.



Read some 1900's shit like Chesterton.  The western people have been subjugated for centuries by special interest groups.
Yep
And googles gatekeepers are the clowns
SO that’s why I keep seeing those need to impeach ads.
12D chess,  Reddit is based.  The Quarantine will be lifted after the democratic debates finish.

Debates started promptly at 9PM Eastern:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vJ6MrDO0kgY and https://streamfare.com/msnbc.html 

Points I plucked out:

1.  Trump was wrong to use busses to relocate illegal Mexican immigrants into sanctuary cities because it creates civil unrest.
2.  We need more warm bodies living in America, because American fractional reserve banking requires growth in the number of humans to sustain its purchasing power.  American birth rate is too low below replacement, immigrants have birth rates over replacement, and enable a continuation of fractional reserve banking with 21 trillion in government debt promises.  US dollar is just ink and paper by fiat; backed by number of humans wanting it, immigrants holding dollars and having lots of kids ensure American strength.
3.  Climate-change is a problem, there are too many people in the world in India, China, Russia, Japan, South America using ancient fossil fuel technology that causes toxic cancer causing air pollution.  Carbon credits in America, and eventually over the whole world, is a long term goal to curb pollution on the whole planet.  The communist party in China are full tilt on renewables and that return on investment won't be delimited in US dollars.
4.  Universal basic income is inevitable in a trickle-up economy that automates away all menial labor jobs.  There aren't enough jobs and job automation is eating away at the middle class. Government redistribution of wealth via a UBI is a good idea.
5.  Guns are dangerous, nobody needs a gun, the Arizona gun dealer who sold Stephen Paddock those 33 assault rifles, tracer and armor piercing rounds ultimately destined for ISIS in the middle east need to be shut down, and all like him.  Child sob stories about gun violence, gun violence is national health emergency now, and we need to get rid of these killer guns, ban the weapons of war, how is the government going to keep our childen safe?
6.  Iran is enriching Uranium and has secret WMD's, We must stop Iran from threatening our allies in Saudi Arabia because they delimit their petrol sales in USD.  We have to bring our troops home from Afghanistan and reallocate money wasted on middle-eastern occupation for regime changes, and keep it here in America to put Americans here at home first.
7.  Is Sea level rise a problem?  yes, Miami will be underwater soon, our towns are burning, this is a climate emergency, this is our last chance to do somethin about it.  Clean electricity is top priority.  Lead the world in clean energy renewables and put Americans back to work.
8.  Mexican dreamers are an American strength.  Family case management system should correctly classify immigrants who are fleeing actual war danger through no fault of their own or our own, vs immigrants creating problems in their own countries to enable Hejira and civilization Jihad toward countries with the biggest democrat welfare handouts and free benefits.  Religious litmus test should send away anyone who can't sing the pledge allegiance to America.
9.  Iran controls their own Arab private central bank, and they have their own rial currency which hurts the buying power of the US dollar, we need those 82 million Iranian Arabs delimiting their claims on future human labor in American issued US Dollars. 
11.  More government power is important and needed to bring corporations to heel under the local/state/federal government. Corporations are too powerful relative to the employee, and extort excess value from the laborer.  Republican capitalism and evolution has an Achilles heel where money concentrates into the hands of a few anti-american global oligarchs.
10.  American incarceration rates are highest in the world, inhuman breeding ground for hardening criminals, organized crime, and domestic insurgency.
11.  Biggest geopolitical threat to America? Strong Chinese financial economy 2 billion strong isn't delimited by US Dollar, Recession and Hyperinflation of USD will lead to a government default and currency debt restructure, Nuclear proliferation in the middle east destabilizes nuclear deterrence, Russian and Israeli collusion in American political procedure is a threat, since anti-American interests control most directors and C-level leadership and above in American Media, Banks, Hollywood, Corporations, and Government.  Corruption and Graft with Anti-American individuals operating in Government.
9.  We need to get America motivated to work again.  The non-working 1% are free-riding the 99% working-poor in a automation trickle-up economy.  
8.  Insurance companies are wasting money in politics by using income on lobbying Washington rather than on hospital mortgages, equipment, growth and payroll.  Every American who pays for healthcare pays 3 times for 1 service, once with the monthly payment, twice by cash for the deductible, then a 3rd time through their local/state/fed tax take.  American healthcare is a landfill fire of socialism.
10.  Trump's accelerated southern border wall is creating bad outcomes, because children of Mexican human smugglers are taking old routes that were easy, and are redirected to alternate routes that lead to risky swims, through dangerous water, drowning with the 2 year old kids in tow.
6.  Trump and his Chicken-Hawk Cabnet are taking us to the brink of war with Iran. (Lie: Congress decides war).  Another war quagmire with Iran is Trump's fault. War with middle east only benefits Israel, Lets get off oil, and trump's concession an acknowledgement on Jerusalem betrays his allegiance.  Iran war will be another 10 trillion dollar 20 year quagmire, and it's Trump's fault.  
13.  Illegal Mexicans caught in America should be cited a civil violation through ICE, not a felony nor deported.  How do we create positive outcomes for immigrants who genuinely want to participate and deport immigrants who are zero or negative value to us.
9.  Maintain anchor babies for Mexican illegal women, Mexican children born in America get a path to American Citizenship.  
4.  Deported Mexicans don't leave their American rights at the southern border.  Deported Mexican immigrants should get a social security number to keep track of them in a civilized way so when they hop the fence at least they can be tracked since their identification information like name and birthday change on every trip.  Incentive-align right behavior and deport the zero value and negative value immigrants.
6.  Female Pro-choice, right to abortion is reproductive justice.  Female rights extend to Transgender men turned women.
7.  Medical care is a basic human right.  Free medicare for all, Keep Obamacare triad govt/corp/individual hybrid system.
9.  Raise minimum wage across the board to 25 dollars an hour to create opportunities for robotic automation in transportation, food service, trucking, manufacturing, and anywhere else, automation is good in the long run, everyone is entitled to free education for a career upgrade and a living wage to get there.
11.  Conservative right wing white straight male shooters is a problem, and we have to ban killer guns to keep children safe.
12.  More tax loopholes and subsidies for corporations who trade in their dollars for other currencies in clever tax evasion and tax dodges.  Bitcoin will further threaten the sovereignty of America by taking away purchasing power from the private central bank and putting it back into the hands of individuals where the government can't track it.  Bitcoin is bad.
8.  Diversity with Muslims from the American-destabilized middle east and mexican illegals is our strength.  Muslims can and do assimilate to our culture, they just need more time and more Jizya/zakat handouts.
11.  The Mexican government is doing a good faith effort stopping illegal immigration by mobilizing their military to intercept illegals.  The Anti-American people funding convoys of tens of thousands of Mexicans to rush the border was fake news.
29.  Democrats can't even get bills on the floor, because Democrats are in the doghouse, we have to keep up the fight.
30.  Free college is important for a first world civilization that is unloading all menial labor to robotics and automation, secondary education is an entitlement and requirement for workers displaced by machines.  Dreamers should get free education, have 10 kids on the UBI and send their kids to an American school to learn the language, sing the pledge of allegiance with an authentic tear in their eye, and demand US Dollars.

Redistributing globalist democrat liberal Marxists and communists; every God damned one of them.  Trump 2020.
>Spez:  you pointed that out already I see... I should've read the whole comment before commenting.

Aww, COME ON!! It's assholes like you... TYPICAL Trump supporter spewing HATE!
Yeah.  The Quarantine is a complete load of shit.  This sub is probably one of the most pro LEO/Military subs.  Fuck even more than the branch subs.  (Mostly some miserable boots bitching
Wasn't there a democrat candidate that recently said theyll fight against trump even if they had to take it "to the streets" recently?
We are not in 1776 territory. Rather... it's 1775.
We pay the price short term, but they will pay the price in the long term with their credibility destroyed, their platform going into ruin, and a high call for moving to another platform. That is out come 1.

Out come 2 is like MySpace.

Out come 3 is they are completely shutdown because of negative profits.
That’s the key, they’ll take every comment - even if facetious - at face value. An example is when CNN doxxed that kid who did a wrestling meme about Trump body slamming CNN
We have been extremely supportive of Chicago's finest in the Jussie Smollet case, and rightly so. Police everywhere have intrinsic bribery and abuse issues, but the cops on the Smollett case arguably are diligent investigators and their reaction to the affair, especially the FOIA doc dump, borders on civil disobedience in clownworld. This is a bona-fide synopsis of the stance of this subreddit. Perhaps that is also what they mean by "anti-law-enforcement": anti-kim-foxx and anti-smollett.
You should look at who controls the GOP official platform. It's honestly a disgrace but not for long.
I suspect we will see the democrats turn hardcore pro-corporate in the future.  The Koch brothers swapping over to them is a good example of this.  Corporations are realizing if you pay a little lip service to the leftists they'll do whatever you want.
had to go look 

'88

Dukakis ffs - and I went door to door with that winning message!
how did you get by? just living naturally and growing your own shit? selling crafts?

Can't imagine hippie life.
Why would you believe every headline without questioning it internally? Did you not have your own views or what? I’m just wondering what type of people far leftists are

Glad you’re here
Do you realize that hitler was hitler tho? SMH bigot.
I do get them. I look at other subs, but the ones that are almost always covering the first 30 links comes from T_D.
Yeah we actually don't ban everybody, if you have a good arguement generally people here will hear it and debate with you. Problem is that not many come here and do that. I don't think you will find that not everybody here supports 100% of all of President Trumps actions. The problem is the left has gone insane and anything he does is villified by the "media" and "celebrities" he is so attacked it is at an insane level.
That's bullshit. I am a strong supporter of Roe v. Wade myself and I've never been banned for it. Plenty of people here disagree with me on it but I respect that and for the most part, I've received similar respect. It's not a very adversarial environment, unlike other political subreddits, where I've been called a Nazi just for commenting here. And guess what? No one's gonna look at what you said here. They're gonna hit Ctrl+F, type "The_Donald", and call you a Nazi too.
The question being "why does it matter where said creator posts"? It is just a vidya hosting server. If the guy moves to some other server, or doesn't, so what? I mean, sooner or later he'll get banned for "Being a Nazi", anyway, so will have to go somewhere else.
Thank you for replying. I upvoted you, but I don't entirely agree. To me, a mass exodus and giving them the middle finger sounds lovely, but it also sounds like giving up ground and admitting defeat. I could see having a parallel platform that is actually free speech oriented, but these places, Reddit/twitter/YouTube are the trenches. I feel like  this base won't grow if we quarantine ourselves into a corner of the internet. Also, we know what we are standing against. Socialism. The downfall of freedom in the west. I feel we need to stand up to this HERE. While also having a separate place. Everything you said is great for this hypothetical other platform. I just think we  should also stand our ground here... 

Other than that, yes. :)
Nicht schlecht. Just remember, you can poke fun of the right all you want but one day your views will be censored too.
I'm an American, I was just in Vienna for Christmas, beautiful city. That said, kindly go fuck your own ass.
you do realize trump has offered to make a deal with the Dems multiple times and they refuse everything. they want everything but will give nothing. that's not cooperation, it's a political temper tantrum. 

they really don't care about the border. they just want those sweet sweet illegal votes.
we aren't? we are more than willing to negotiate but the negotiations will include at the very least a wall. Up until now, the left kept saying oh there's no problem, there's no crisis. And now here we are.
The problem is it is the wrong religion with the influence today.  This country owes a great debt to the good influence of Christian men and women going back to the days when we were colonies. Christians helped kick out the king, Christians fought to free the slaves, and Christians were integral in the civil rights movement with King himself being a reverend.
I will try to read some Chesterton. I have read several of C.S. Lewis's books and need to reread them.
I read "1984" and "Brave New World" again, and the script for "THX 1138". Last time I did that, it was some sort of dystopian science fiction. Now it's more like living in the prequels for that shit. Absolutely uncanny. At least people with children should be up in arms at this point. Note that there are people more powerful than the president of the united states. Trump is putting up a good fight and is a good fit for clownworld. I guess neither Orwell nor Huxley nor Lucas saw that coming, and the internet hit everyone out of the blue altogether.
Can you think of a more perfect vehicle to usher in the new one-world government?
yes, but only for 12 more years per ACO
I'm not sure what's more impressive; this incredibly detailed and insightful post, or the fact that you could stomach that debate for more than 5 minutes in order to write said post.

&#x200B;

You're a better Pede than I am!!! Thank you for the read.
I am impressed and amused.
They talked about bitcoin during the debate?
>Reddit is based. 


WTF are you smoking, dipshit?



Reddit is compromised. 




GTFO with your weak-ass, short dimebag SOROS propaganda.
[removed]
yes.  it's nearly called for every other day in other subreddits and on tv and stuff like that.  but as SOON as we try to organize, call something out like that, or anything even REMOTELY CLOSE to an uprising, they either ban accounts, suspend accounts or silence you on other platforms.

it's hypocritical

obama has called for acts of violence along with eric holder, valerie jarret, loretta lynch and many others.  maxi pad bitch waters is the most famous one though.  total stalinist
I would say 1774 when the colonists declared the Coercive acts as the intolerable acts.
the swamp runs deep and neocons are still embedded in the bureaucracy.
[Ronna McDaniel?](https://twitter.com/GOPChairwoman)
But Google is a private company who should be able to decide blah blah blah...

&nbsp;

Funny, they always ignore Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act. 

&nbsp;
He looked mint in that tank with a helmet with his name on it.
I was in grad school, worked for the university, teaching & doing research
I usually looked at the headline, opened into comments, and then bought into the circlejerk. Ain't nobody got time to read the article.

My first red-pill was when I actually did open the article. The headline was like "Trump's tariffs don't apply to his golf course" but then the article said it was a steel tariff. Like wtf... Then I opened the comments and the only comment calling it out was 50 down. The rest were just bashing Trump.

(This comment is not a violent comment suggesting or promoting self-harm or other forms of violence, and in fact, looks upon such ideas as shameful)
He had two arms as well. Have you seen Trump? Yup, you guessed it, also two arms.
That part I agree with, though you'd be hard-pressed to get the same level of monetization from another platform as you can potentially get through YouTube, considering they cornered the market on creators back in the day by being the only platform that offered any form of monetization at all. I know most creators right of Bernie get demonitized into oblivion, but the fact that not only the opportunity to monetize but the large userbase of YouTube makes it hard to make that transition, considering a political-themed creator ideally wants as many eyes on their content as possible.

(Funny you mention the nazi angle, JS is a German guy that makes slingshots as his hobby. He's damn good at it, but being able to manufacture any kind of weapon without the government's permission clearly goes against Google's narrative)
[removed]
Woah bruh but they were against having buttsecks in the streets in front of children.  How can the disgusting humans of California ever accept that?  It is oppression!
People are starting to remember.
They have now weaponizeed the "climate agenda" in Oregon and this is their first foray into normalizing political violence with federally funded officers. Dont you dare speak out against it.
Chaos good, order bad.

Literally just put that to nearly anything that says you can't criticize and that will apply
We gained a year, back in 1989 we only had 11 years.
ProTip: cracking a tall can of chuck norris (monster energy) before the debate makes even the most cringe democratic debate a fascinating PHD level course on effective lying in statecraft and geopolitical politics.

Looks like I'm going to be awake for the next 35 hours.  
https://youtu.be/Mxwhg4xcCs0?t=62
Not exactly, but it was between the lines, and I picked up on it.  Most of these points has been filtered through my brain, the democrat narrative of lies un-spun, and I re-spun under a republican narrative of Trump and Republicanism.  Where the socialist democrat ends, and the capitalist republican begins; is an exercise for the reader.

What they did talk about is prioritizing increasing the strength of the US Dollar, or else America is going to have to default on the treasury debt, and eventually congress and the private central bank will be forced to debt-restructure the US Dollar to a new currency, and that's no fun, because it means congress will have to define a priority system that defines who is first in line to pay back all their prior debts with money that has zero value.  Can I pay back my 8 million dollar mortgage I just took out to buy a 50 unit apartment building, with US Dollars that have zero value and I can scoop up on the sides of the road?  Who gets their bank account claims on future human labor switched fairly over to the new currency, and who gets their debts forgiven?  Regardless of how this plays out, it's going to be anarchy, so that's the "or else" part.

The American government has a three point plan on delaying American treasury debt default:

1.  Force countries with a currency not delimited in US dollars to require their citizens to only buy and sell in US Dollars.  For example Iranian rial. 
2.  Bitcoin is an attack upon the sovereignty of American private central bank to coin its own money and transfer the debt via planned inflation to the people.  Thus bitcoin is a threat that has to be eliminated or out competed immediately or eventually.
3.  Increase the number of Americans demanding dollars.  This is why Immigration is priority regardless of how undesirable the immigrants are.  White women are failing to breed over replacement, so that means we have to bring in 10 million immigrants per year, so we have 2 to 4 percent growth.   

White genocide and white-replacement immigration to reduce white people to single digit minorities is a bi-partisan issue.  There's no debate there, Republicans and Democrats both agree on it, so this particular point is moot.  

But don't take it from me, here are some helpful videos:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DNCZHAQnfGU

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-CCqCsmCDdw&feature=youtu.be&t=30m48s
You missed the tongue in cheek 12D chess comment. 

Simmer down.
Here I was thinking he had a typo, and just forgot the I.

fterall, reddit is biased beyond belief.
these people banning can get this dick. they messed up the art style and picture up on the right of the page of The_Donald.
No, it is a committee during their major conference, I forget what it is called specifically but there is a bunch of people who create a list of what the party platform officially is.
Checkmate
> That part I agree with, though you'd be hard-pressed to get the same level of monetization from another platform as you can potentially get through YouTube

Perhaps true, but that's hardly my problem. I just go where the content I want to see takes me. I have no attachment to the Youtube. If creators go there because it gives them money, I'm fine with that. If they go elsewhere because they got Nazi-Banned, I follow them. It's just a server.

> Funny you mention the nazi angle, JS is a German guy that makes slingshots as his hobby.

Never heard of him, personally. He hasn't been banned yet, he must not be that important. I only pay attention to the people who get banned. If what you have to say isn't rustling their jimmies, it can't be that important.
He didn't put the policy in place, it was put in place by Clinton. Obama was doing the same thing, why didn't he take any flak for it? the photos coming out, they came out in 2015. Guess who wasn't president then?
Don’t forget we are also against murdering babies in the womb, to be honest I’m surprised they haven’t censored our violent ways sooner.
dox me.
chrome-extension://oemmndcbldboiebfnladdacbdfmadadm/https://prod-cdn-static.gop.com/media/documents/DRAFT_12_FINAL[1]-ben_1468872234.pdf

This?
That is only in effect when the party is out of power aka not in the White House, when the party is in power the Pres is the head of the GOP and he makes the ultimate decision on leadership and party platform aka he can veto anything he deems unacceptable.
You do you, man, but if it can be easier to put more eyes on material that isn't completely skewed(one direction or the other, doesn't matter), then it's always a good thing.

Yeah, he's kind of a niche channel with a decent following(almost 2.2 mil at time of writing). His stuff is great if you're interested in primitive/inventive weapons. He's even made full-auto crossbows by using a power drill. I really wish he would move to Minds, though. I bought one of his slingshots to support him. He's been demonitized and essentially bullied because his content "supports violence".
[removed]
Ugh, maybe we should just listen to the propaganda spewed since the mid-1980's and not have children so the people of everywhere else can breed and send their children to take over our houses.




Jesus said love your neighbors, bigots!  What better way than letting them move in, be tribal as fuck and destroy everything your father, his father, etc ever built.  



Europe is such a good role model for this!  Hopefully we can get some reddit posters from that dying land to chime in about how wonderful things are.
They won't stop with T_D.  Any pro-life and pro-2nd amendment subs will be next on the chopping block.
I'm with you pede!
> His stuff is great if you're interested in primitive/inventive weapons. He's even made full-auto crossbows by using a power drill.

Oh, really? I made one of those, but I used a pair of chainsaws. I wouldn't have figured a power drill would have enough torque to achieve the desired rate of fire and penetration. Can you punch through plate armor on just a power drill?
[removed]
Do British ER's have WiFi?

I'm sure some of them do. Most, even.
If they can get T_D to fall, everything with even a hint of a right-wing slant will immediately fall right after.
I'd have to go back and watch the videos to see what he tested on. He was using rubber as his energy storage mechanism, though, and he tends to go heavy on it.

Edit: here's a link
https://youtu.be/tbKGjRoSofA
Your comment was automatically removed because you linked to an anti-Trump domain. Please use archive.is for this website so we do not give them any undeserved traffic.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/The_Donald) if you have any questions or concerns.*
British need to swear to Allah before they are allowed to speak.


The jihadis still do not accept them as the british bloodline is so pathetic they use spoons to cut their meat.

What will we do in 2028? Trumps don't grow on trees.
...and then anything even remotely centrist will follow.  "Re-education" is always a hallmark of socialism.
Yeah, that's about the outcome I expected, and more or less the issues I expected would be encountered using just a drill. You can see when he tested it on the car door that there was no penetration at all, simply bounced off completely harmlessly.

That obviously would not do.

Guy sounds cool. Look forward to hearing when they declare him appropriately evil.
After Pence's first term? Re-elect Pence

Pence is somewhat suspicious. And his twitter-feed is rather boring. I give him credit for making the pence-rule popular, though.
Thank you for supporting free speech and civil discussion, we all need it.
Many people have already been silenced on twitter, facebook and youtube. There will be many more to come before this is over. They'l censor and strip the rights of all they cane if that's what it takes to win. The reason why TD got censored is because Project Veritas exposed google and one of their exec's explanations of them doing it. Reddit permabanned Veritas' account right after the video came out.
Thanks for the support. Welcome to the sub.
The far-left have devolved into outright tyrants, we're in a virtual gulag for falsified wrong think by the pinko Commie creeps.
We're unsubbing from all subs except TD. If enough pedes do it reddit will know we mean business, pass it on! COPY PASTE SPREAD!
Thank you, your support truly means a lot to us. WELCOME NEW PEDE!
You wanna see what fascism is? You're witnessing it right now. Silencing of political opponents is something that Hitler did.

These people are exactly the thing they think they're fighting...

Those who ignore history are destined to repeat it.
Who are the fascists now?
It is one thing to disagree, it is another to be so bitter, angry and violent that you feel the need to silence someone. These are insane people hell bent on control and not letting people speak or research facts.
Research " Reddit 150 Million Investment China"  this is the real situation. Tech companies are forming a thought police echo chamber where they hope to control the minds of civilization from here out. It's more than disgusting, it's treasonous. They would rather side with China's social credit score model. They literally think they're the rulers of the free world now.
> Vote. Vote. Vote.

Unfortunately, here on this side of the aisle, we only vote once.
Thank you and welcome!
LOL This place brings out the best in all  (except libs!) Thank You
I'd get you a coat but the quarantine broke the bot. So take red arrows instead.
Thank you and welcome!
Welcome my man. Keep coming back
We need to everything we can to make them cry even more salty tears. Tonight's debate was proof the Dems have no clue how to be in charge.
We don't have to agree with what one another says, but we sure as hell need to die to defend one another's right to say it.

...oh no, does the above count as a call to violence now?
Share the video of Project Veritas exposing Google.

They're in full-blown panic mode over this
Thank you!

E pluribus unum
I wish I could also vote for Trump, but I don't live in the US. Still wish you the best of luck American friends!
Yes my freind.  Grab a coat and get ready :)
Yaaaaas
<3 YaY You are Awesome <3
Good one you sir!

Go get them orange up arrows.
With that being said, your history shows you're pretty much a Trump supporter already.
# #rememberLoomer
Welcome aboard brother/sister. As an ethno-Chinese Hongkonger myself, I am getting a sense of feeling of deja vu because that‘s what I have experienced first hand.
"Russian Collusion" was a hoax. The real election meddling was from Big Tech and the mainstream media. If you didn't see it before, you damn well should see it by now. There are evil forces in this country seeking to destroy every value it was founded upon.
owning the libs with a piece of paper
The idea that this is controversial is literally insane to me as someone who considered themselves liberal 3 years ago
Once we get the official ban, everything else even remotely close to right of center will fall like dominos.
https://gohmert.house.gov/news/documentsingle.aspx?DocumentID=399712

Link for the unfamiliar
Yeah, they're not even trying to be subtle about it at this point.
While it may be true that admins are hiding TD’s true sub count, I fear that that won’t be a significant enough hit to other subs to be something to contend with. However, one can only hope... God bless the USA
These are Farenheit 451 kind of times
FOR THE LOVE OF GOD GET THIS PATRIOT A COAT! 

THATS 205,000ish COATS HANDED OUT!

We are 30.24% of our goal to coat the 677,??? great people of Detroit, Michigan. Let's make sure everyone gets a coat in the United States! For every Centipede a coat, for every coat a Centipede! This bot was created by devious1087, feedback always welcome.
Roll 1d6.

1-2: It looks like a call to violence
3-4: It looks like hate speech
5-6: You find a rusty racist dogwhistle
Happy cake day!
Hello, fellow Cake-Day-er!
True liberals are viewed as nazis now a days by the regressive left.
I'm already only subbed to "hate communities"
Nevermind! Good bot
Good cyborg
We really are fighting for American rights that so many died to defend. What's happening today is pure fascism. If they succeed in silencing us online they will next try to silence us in the real world.  This censorship MUST end.
That’s your slave-cake day. That’s a Reddit thing. Fuck cake days.

Your free born cake day is the same as mine, July 4th.
I’m a slave to no one — but I do think the cake day think is cute — so hate me for it.
Remember these candidates told us to bring this country together in unity by speaking a language most people in the USA doesn't speak.
That's straight out of the Naked Gun!
Now imagine these fools running the White House
LMFAO what a fucking shit show.
A true clown show, who needs MTV?
Hear the sound of all that Spanish in the democratic debate? That's the sound of you being replaced.
I don't profess to be an audio expert in any way at all, but exactly how hard is managing 5 microphones and making sure that 3 of them get turned off when the people using them are off stage?
Was there really a fart and toilet flush? Or was this a doctored video?
We are witnessing history here, folks!
Was that their collective chances being flushed down the toilet?
Clownshoes.

&#x200B;

But it masks the more serious issue these clowns are getting at- abusing the federal government to confiscate guns, which is what they're suggesting here.
Holy fuck. What morons.
I honestly can't tell if you altered it in any way. This seems 100% factual and unedited. 

Who was the awkward guy next to Chuck Todd?
lol you fuckers almost got me. I heard farting at 0:40 at lost it.
rofl WTF was that toilet noises. Clearly you did NOT prepare for everything.
You’re fascinating to quarantine.
Pls clap
Just like Obamacare. Oversold and under delivered
Fucking clowns
that toilet flushing...
Getting a failed to upvote the post message.  Nothing screwy going on here....
It's a new comedy series, haha...
what a circus
LMAO. These goons can't even run a 'debate,' but they think they can run the country?
What was the original issue here?
In the time they wasted Beto could have rambled on more in spanish!
"Is there a role for the federal government in getting guns off the street"

This question is so utter stupid. If it's illegal guns he's solely talking about (it's not) then that's a huge federal crime and that's literally the role of a president... to enforce federal law.

If it's legal (or all) guns he's talking about (it is) then there's these few words he should look up in the dictionary. I think they go something like "shall not be infringed".
Great audio work MSNBC, I'm sure that will help your ratings. /s
I can't post this anywhere else cause it'll get removed more than likely. Does anyone else feel suspicious about the father and daughter being found on the bank near the border a bit too suspicious? It's not too out of the ordinary for things to be mysteriously found right before big events such as this. Maybe it really is just a coincidence but I feel so suspicious like maybe this could've been a plant. I really wouldn't put it past anyone in the DNC to plant this as a convenient point for them to try and make to pass some bill because feelings got hurt. Anyone have input on this?
Must have been a Trump supporter pulling a prank.
My god, tell me this didnt actually happen
...wait, was that real? That wasn't edited in later by some internet meme maker?
rofl
Womp womp
I hope Hannity uses this in one of his opening hour segments :-)
What a shitshow
Wow. What a total shit show. And these dumb fucks want to run the country. Seriously fuck off.
Stop the hammering!!
wait, this is real??? no
Was I hearing someone piss on the democrat debate?
The quality of programming that these so called main stream news organizations are putting out lately is horrendous and embarrassing! The programming and the content are tainted and eroding away like rotting meat.
Please mark as shitpost
MSNB-Hee Haw
OH no guys you made it a doctored video and your gonna get dox by the msm! /s
Sound guy is a pede confirmed!
[removed]
Big oof
Yeah, so I don't know the vast majority of these candidates. Could some random person, who meets the qualifications to run for President, just declare for the presidency and show up for a debate?
THE BATHROOM AUDIO IS REAL?!?!
Brilliant.

We can meme, folks. Believe me.

Also, site kicked me out three times before I could upvote and comment. Nothing fishy there.
If you haven’t seen it, here’s the video from the debate:

https://youtu.be/pdE83FX-Mto
Naked Gun in real life.  What a shit show.
The gist of it is this:

People aren't having as many kids due to the economy, caused by these same groups of people, who will insist on important a metric shit ton of immigrants to continue the 2-4% GDP growth required to indefinitely push any sort of collapse into the future. 

Jokes on them, that IS a collapse.
Someone should mix The Naked Gun Leslie Nielsen open mic bathroom gag scene into this.
PMS NBC
wait is this fucking real? omg
I speak Spanish... I was offended!!
my favorite part was the way they pronounced certain words. I could listen to them say Nicaragua over and over and never stop laughing.
Democrats who support open borders: Not yet buddy, not yet

Side note: They say flat is justice but we're gonna make an exception for Maddow because the chest is actually empty.
But have you ever seen a grown man naked?
Their whole presidency would be a technical difficulty
Epic Shit Show!
🤡🌎
When there's MSNPC
This was one of the ballsiest things I have ever seen in modern day politics.


This was a clear sign to everyone: the DNC is catering to non-citizens. They don't give a shit about workers anymore. Nor do they give a shit about 'oppressed minorities' or LGBT, or anyone who is *actually* a citizen of the USA. They are speaking solely to the freeloaders they are importing on a weekly basis.
Are you being alarmist or defeatist about it? Do you think people who scraped by in college to earn an arts degree are going to be able to learn a second language? As soon as I heard the Spanish get whipped out, I knew they were shooting themselves in the foot. Even leftists aren't dumb enough to think that catering to others to their own complete exclusion (seriously, they would have had no idea what was being said, and it wouldn't have sat right) is actually in their best interest.

Admittedly I may be giving them too much credit. But if GEOTUS delivered an address only in Spanish (he wouldn't, but for the sake of argument), do you think you would still support him?

This isn't like "diversity is our strength" where they can convince themselves that it's a moral good because it doesn't affect them. These are debates meant for Americans, if they were watching, they saw what was happening.
Is Beto O'Rourke speaking Spanish cultural appropriation?
gotta be pretty damn easy and the most important thing to do
Kindve a good analogy for the media and dems low energy attempts though.
Must have been a diversity hire.
Took them like 5 minutes to fix it too
I can speak to this. Pro AV for 8+years now. 

Pretty damn easy unless you fuck up your routing at the request of a producer (need more volume to the upper decks) so you think you're routing it up correctly but you forgot to hit a button. Then the panic sets in. 

I've been in a similar situation where I thought I was listening pre-fader on headphones but ended up moving 6 mics to pre-fader (raising volume doesn't do anything) it's a quick fix if you know what's wrong. This guy didn't. 


Also 10000000% promise you it was a local union. Unions are terrible at staffing appropriately for AV gigs.
NBC seems to have constant mic problems.

[Stop the hammering!!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=43JQzq4FfF0)
My church has under 100 total attendance normally and can’t remember any technical mess up that bad.

You just need a somewhat competent person to manage the sound board. H*ck, I got like 5 minutes of training and I was able to operate it pretty better than the MSNBC staff. It literally is “press this button to mute” and “adjust this slider so we can hear pastor.”
only slightly doctored, I think someone did say they were going to the bathroom
Doctored video. The curb your enthusiasm theme song is doctored as well and did not actually play during the debate
It was Rachel Madcow's ratings.
10 turds will need a plunger
Yeah, no shit.
Richard. Fine young chap.
Thats Sleepy Eye'd Chuck Todd to you, bigot.
I’m assuming that was ThugLife taking creative license with the bathroom sounds. Surely he doctored and will be doxxed posthaste.
Quarantine is sexy.
😝
🙌🎉🙌🎉🙌
there was no toilet flush in the real thing
MSNBC sound-crew are fuckups
People die everyday at the border. This death is being used to push an agenda.
They were answering questions in Spanish at multiple points.
Some of the moderators literally asked questions in Spanish.
Welcome to Clown World
**THANK YOU**

I'm hispanic, they're trying to appeal to me, and this shit is pathetic
They start rattling off names like its a contest, it was so hilarious.  All trying to outdo eachother, who speaks better spanish.  God, that was good.

&#x200B;

And Booker and DeBlasio played a round of Who's Blacker.  Also hilarious.
I vaguely remember when there was a SNL skit years ago where the news anchors would try and out-do one another on the way they said certain basic words in Spanish, such as Sandinista, taco, enchilada. Maybe Beto and crew didn't realize it was a joke...
My favorite pronunciation and fake accent is when white Leftists say "Latino" is a very poorly attempted Mexican accent.

It's one of the most cringe things ever.
Have you ever been in a plane before?
Chill out Joe
Just spoke to my liberal/progressive peeps.

&#x200B;

One of them is currently freaking out because they see the reality of what is happening... that they're gonna push Biden... and he will lose so hard a black hole will form in the smouldering crater that once was his party...

&#x200B;

The others are patiently waiting for Night Two, and overall were impressed with Gabbard, Castor, and Booker.
Super easy, in fact barely an inconvenience...
You know I’m all for making reasonable accommodations to allow the disabled to find gainful employment. But roping in a deaf guy to run the soundboard was a bad idea.
You know if Trump was on stage he'd have something hilarious to say about the situation.
Have the original clip?
I'm pretty sure it did. At least I heard it in my head after each one spoke.
Politifact will check this
Unlike the guy in the bathroom.
The curb your enthusiasm theme song was doctored too.
Yep I can tell by some of the sounds and hearing a few shoops in my time.
Doctored so you didn't hear something like this:

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9AeA\_aQ6yJw&has\_verified=1](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9AeA_aQ6yJw&has_verified=1)
Bathroom was edited in. I wanted to hear what the commentators said. Heard it live wanted to see if anyone transcribed it.
This is the dress I was wearing when I was quarantined.
I thought so.  I was honestly expecting some damning hot-mic comment but only heard garble and thought maybe I was missing something.
Just.....wow.


This is the state of the current leftist regime.


They are appealing to people who *legally shouldn't even be here*. 


The average everyday American? Nah, fuck them. We want people voting for handouts.


How do people not see this???? How do people watch this shit and think: 'This person really has my best interests at heart!"? 


The MSM is truly the enemy of the people.
It was cohosted by Telemundo
And you haven’t even heard from Bernie Panders yet!!
Joey, have you ever been…in a Turkish Prison?
https://youtu.be/xomyyOa8Ad8?t=10390
Weird, because all I could hear was [this.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pct1uEhAqBQ)
This meme is COMEDY GOLD. bwahahahahahaah
They asked questions in spanish too!
Who let Rachel "Russia Russia Russia" Maddow in?
The reason they've abandoned the traditional working class is that the Left were never interested in the work; the Left *is* interested in the power possessed by the great unwashed masses of humanity (who, last century, just happened to be workers). These days jobs require an ever higher IQ and that's leaving people behind and out of work. There's actually very few low skilled jobs these days as most of the work is done by machines, and you need a bit of a brain to operate those machines. The army won't even take you if you're under 83IQ.  


So yes, they want people voting for handouts, because this is now an ever-growing voting bloc (thanks to demographics AND technology), with no ability to ever improve their circumstances. They no longer need to worry about aspirational workers becoming libertarians once they've pulled themselves up by their bootstraps. This new bloc will eventually deliver power into the hands of the Left (who are lead by their more radical elements). What happens after this... doesn't bear thinking about.  


And to answer your question - they DO see this. They have a much more accurate assessment of their abilities than you. They've been sacked from numerous jobs; they know their limits. That's why they want welfare, an increased minimum wage, and reduced penalties for drug crime.
> They are appealing to people who legally shouldn't even be here.

you've got to be pretty ignorant to think all spanish speakers are illegal immigrants. The event was hosted in *Miami*, of course they're going to use spanish. Nearly everyone in the city speaks spanish at some level. They're appealing to Latinx Americans.
English motherfucker, do you speak it? This isn't Thailand.
So? There's translators for that.
Joey, do you like to watch movies with Roman gladiators?
"Video unavailable" They're trying to hide it!
That didn't stay up long.
This video is unavailable brosef.
It's gone!    Media Matters interns are working late tonight.
That guy was an actor. So much for unbiased debates
In their pre-debate planning meetings at NBC "News", can't you just see them getting sexually excited at the very concept of pandering to the Hispanics by speaking in Spanish? It's so insulting to their entire audience. These people will go down in history as the most idiotic "journalists". I couldn't make this shit up if I tried b/c it's just too stupid.
Well, they should still be able to speak English right? I mean, since our laws are debated and drafted in English, you'd think it would be important enough to learn that language right?
Yea they're appealing to Cubans, who don't vote for them, right?
Hey I know you! You're Kareem Abdul-Jabaar!
Its here.. DailyCaller channel. Even had it suggested to me by Google as "top news". Let's not be ultra paranoid and only point actual censorship.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j8S1Qsfc_PU
that's what she said
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j8S1Qsfc_PU
AY DIOS MIO MUCHO GRANDE ARIBA ARIBA

&#x200B;

VOTE FOR ME IM TOTALLY NOT A RACIST
Why are you assuming they don’t know English? Citizenship tests are in English... so idk where you’re getting this idea all latinx Americans only know and speak Spanish. You sound like a Russian bot
Lol yea good point. The younger generations of Cubans are majority left so that’s probably who they’re reaching out to. But yea the old heads aren’t having any of their shit.
*PTSD intensifies*
She doesn't say that. She already knows. 😖
So then there is no reason to speak Spanish, right?
Are you familiar with the first amendment
Are you being dense on purpose or is it just an accident?
Their right to speak Spanish whenever they choose to is protected by the first amendment you Russian bot
Have him answer the question that are asked of the democrats. Then he can give a five minute response instead of restating the question before times up.
Great. 

Now Trump Team do THE BIGGEST ONLINE CONGREGATION OF TRUMP SUPPORTERS BEING (EFFECTIVELY) BANNED once he lands in Osaka plse.

What happened today is not a joke. Parscale and team need to get on this.
Yeah except, fuck Fox. Tucker's the only one I care about on that network
Can we all agree the democratic debate tonight was an absolute dumpster fire?
https://youtu.be/DKqW4gw4wsg?t=16

Ohhh yah
Maddow moderate. Let's have a debate where Rush, Hannity and Levin moderate. That people would actually watch.
Trump vs John kasich and Chris Wallace
Trump should do what Alex Jones did and just live shit all over them as a commentator.
I like this.  Absolutely would watch.
They would at least have no technical sound problems
I would watch this, it would be brilliant.
Pay Per View it, we'd all watch it and the money goes to the wall.
I'd watch that. Put Kanye in, too, just for giggles.
No he shouldn't, he should keep running the country and forget about these faggots until they pick one
Trump vs John Miller debate!
Nice sticky!
MAGA
WINNING!
https://media.giphy.com/media/26BRyIMhrr5OGZLxe/giphy.gif
Maybe trump and Lion Ted.. Else that will won't be a debate..
Furthermore dem debate is hilarious who would want to miss that..
This is a fantastic idea.
#NOT WRONG
^(HIGH) ENERGY
Not a debate, but a rally. It will pull all their viewership away.
Put him in a debate against Samoa Joe. Iron sharpens iron.
They should have a debate with the Independents and smaller parties. Invite all the Dems that are about to get ejected. There were a
Couple good ideas out there. I thought Tulsi would have been better. She needs to come away from the Military record. She is using it like an old Eval blurb.
OANN instead of FOX.
Bill Weld is in the race so let Trump humiliate him in every single debate
He should just be making up names for the Dem candidates the whole time and debate which is the best
Just him reading the Art of the Comeback
Couldn't Trump just schedule a televised rally during every single debate? I'm sure his rallies would pull in at least three times as many viewers as a debate, lol.
#Fox News should also stop sucking SJW pengina, but they won't do that either.
[removed]
>five minute

[2 min.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wvja8KUZRJs)
Or he could just chill watching the shit show & comment on it MST3000 style!
I have never read something so glorious until now.  Someone tell this to POTUS, PLEASE.
In '16 Bernie Sanders did this during Republican debates.
Pretty sure Parscale is aware and they are formulating an action plan.
OANN would be good.
Fox is not our friend  [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=\_fHfgU8oMSo&](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_fHfgU8oMSo&)
Do it on OANN
I wasn't aware that other opinions of it existed. Outside of the leftist Twitter accounts excited about free shit it's been universally negative from what I've seen.

Spez: We're all copping downvotes for nothing, even when we're quarantined they can't stay away from us. Hi guys and gals (those are your only options).
Every time I watch this I laugh at the end where all the Trumps start complimenting each other.
legendary
Rush would be perfect for that.  Levin gets a little boring, Hannity gets a little monotonous, but Rush would come up with some of the most clever crap ever.
This is the correct answer.  MST3K method is always the most entertaining and provocative method.
MST3K style. All we see is a tuft of beautiful hair and see popcorn shadows as he rips into them for never answering direct questions.
Reddit upvoted a 2015 picture blamed on Trump 60,000 times. You have no credibility.
It is well worth the click.

Best 1:55 of my month.
Amazing that this technology even exists.. blows my mind lol
Im going to copy/paste a msg I wrote to another patriot  earlier that said approx the same thing:
.
.
.





> Ive been monitoring all the accounts. We got a Don Jr rt. Thats all. NOW, I get that they cant all jump on it straight away, but I expect something from the team soon-ish. This is not a joke when it comes to the election. Ive been around since mid 2015 (hell, me and Gumble coded the original CSS layout of the sub when we were modding this place with the creator of the sub when we were under 3k subscribers and had a vision of what this place could turn into)...this is a big deal. University of London-UCL determined that T_D was the most effective area of origin of Trump persuasion in 2016 election. This was all done for a reason.
Yeah if only they had the exposure Faux has
Pocahontas got tired at the end. I don’t think she spoke in the second hour
I agree with your points, but each brings a different perspective on conservatism and having monolithic thought was already on display once tonight and will repeat again tomorrow.  I should add Todd Schnitt to this list. If you don't know him, look him up in iheart radio.
Replace Hannity with Tucker
I was gonna link murderedbywords until I remembered we cant link other subs
🐎
Thank you and the other OG mods for creating this Dom. I hope Trump and his team can bring pressure to bear on Reddit's owners.
All I (we) care is MAGA patriot. Do your part locally, and online.
It's the internet. The more you try to hide something, the more public it becomes.
I am one
You're aware they censor and meddle with our subscriber count, right?
A first-class demonstration of shooting yourself in the dick.

Thanks, Reddit lol.
Im new here because of an article
It's more than that, the numbers have been supressed for years. Likely many more people have joined.
I'm a libertarian, I never wanted to sub here. I always thought Trump was just the less evil option....but goddamn... the left just can't help themselves. we could have had a multi-perspective discussion, not battle lines. but the battle lines have been made and now it's just a question of which side your on.

as of 2 minutes ago, subbed.
His name was Seth Rich.
There's 2 shadowbanned comments in this thread right now.
I never joined The_Donald because it's high amounts of upvoted posts would overwhelm all my other subs I watch...but I joined it today.
We're getting support from other Mods on other subs. They are telling the team to FIGHT! 

https://twitter.com/thedonaldreddit/status/1144000059362750465

We will NOT be silenced.
#Welcome New Pedes!
20,000+* ftfy
Come looking for the violence, stay because you didn't find any and realized we're good people that just want our *and your* freedoms left intact.
I had merely followed this sub for awhile but never posted on it until today. Hello.
I hope Crowder lends support, because if it wasn't for The_Donald I would have never bought his mug. Hmmm gonna go email that to him now just to nail the point home.
777,777 is coming soon... Kek will show us the way.
I stepped away for awhile because the battle was won and I thought my pede watch had ended. I see now that was a mistake.
Eat a big bag of dicks you dirty commies

&#x200B;

\*Edit - added an "s" - I want there to be many dicks in the bag, not just one.
Joined the club today. So pissed off I don't care if I lose my shitty under-used Reddit account. Nuts to ya.
2k = 20k if you account for the manipulation with the user count.
Prior to hearing about this, I had no inclination of joining the sub reddit, but now I want to know what is going on.
I just joined. They need to see how many of us there truely are. They cant silence us!
I'm one of them, I don't agree with hardly any of you on politics or otherwise, but you have a right to exist and share your opinions and from what I've seen over the last couple years your community is being attacked in an unfair and in democratic way, so now I'm subbed. Rock on.
This happened with any conservative leaning YouTube or site that was banned. Do they not hold onto a lessons learned binder? Hitting us with the same moves over and over just makes us stronger and they don't understand that.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Streisand_effect
We ain't going no fucking where. You can count on that
Won't be shocked if admins remove the subscriber counter. They already nuked the style sheet.
Banning something only makes it more interesting and desirable. Apparently Reddit does not understand basic human psychology.
Strike me down and I will become more powerful than you can possibly imagine.
Never seen anyone on here threatening violence. Did they send in a shill leftist to pull a Jussie Smollet?
Hello there, I’m one of those new subs. I don’t love Trump, but I damn well like him better than the leftists driving for mass censorship of any non-Socialists.
I don't like the man, but I'm tired of the blatant attempts to silence political opponents. Sub'd.
Are you sure that's just not people resubbing after being unceremoniously unsubbed by spez this morning?
I've unsubscribed from the fake news subreddits, I hope they lose more. 

I always enjoyed reading something crazy over there to find the truth here, now I'll just stick with the truth thanks. Fuck em. Jussie Smolette, Avantii, Covington the Muller report... T_D was right on it all, and many more, and the others were just insane with no logic to be found. To the point of wanting Avantii to be freaking president, a guy who steals from disabled people. 

This is the subreddit where people will actually call out fake and suspicious news when they see it on here, and get upvoted to the top.
I hadn't really thought much about it before, but when I found out it got quarantined I joined. First I had to figure out there was no way to view it on the app though.
Just picked my sub up to show support. May never come back but, hey, this censorship bullshit needs to stop.

  
So, cheers to you guys. Stay strong and dont let the real fascists win.
They blew their load too early, pedes! Had they done this a few weeks before the election, it would have been much more effective. We have time to regroup and marshall our forces, but we can't do it on Reddit. This quarantine is proof of that. We need to move to another platform now (while there's still time to strengthen this movement before the election). So, where should we go?
I was subscribed during the last election and I've just resubscribed.

Looking forward to this elections memes.
I had to resubscribe today, for some reason I was unsubscribed without my knowledge. Long time lurker, first time posting in this sub
New sub checking the fuck in.
I've been here since before the election but never subbed. Was kind of forced to sub today so, thanks reddit.
I'll be honest, I didn't vote for Trump, and I won't pretend like I'll always agree with him, or with you. That said, the establishment is doin' y'all wrong, and you have my support, for what it's worth.
I was unsubbed.

I probably wasn't alone, so if the user total went up that means there are far more than 2000 new users here
I lurked this sub (with a comment here and there) for a while. I will no longer lurk and support this sub until the clowns take it down.
Half are probably leftists disguised as patriots. Whatever we’re gaining traction and have a ton of attention with no wrong doing
Can anyone say [Barbra Streisand??????](https://youtu.be/ymAL_PB2SbY?t=29)
They unsubbed me and I have been here since 2015. I think they're doing mass censorship on us right now. I cannot see how they don't realize their fascist behavior in the name or virtue signaling. Disgusted. T_D actually welcomes political discussions and discourse. Now they're working to unperson it as well.
That is a suppressed number, like every number about td you find on reddit.
To get in via desktop, if you were already subscribed:

&#x200B;

1. Pull up DuckDuckGo.

&#x200B;

2. Search on The\_Donald.

&#x200B;

3. Look for the Reddit site in the results.

&#x200B;

4. Click "Continue" after the dire warning that you will die if you read the site lol.

&#x200B;

It's still there, just in a stripped-down version.
Alright, that's it... I've been unsubbed since after the election, after 2016 I had to turn down the politics for a while. I'd poke my head in here manually to see what's going on, comment a bit, then leave it alone until I wanted to see what's going on again.

That being said - if they're going to quarantine this place for fringe comments that most people don't agree with, while they overlook the insane amount of violence and destruction that leftists are *actually* preaching elsewhere on this site, there's only one thing to do.

I've resubbed. 

If raising that ticker on the sidebar by one more number helps even a tiny bit to show those fuckheads that run this site and who have a monopoly over the internet that we will not be silenced, then count me in.
this is like the deplorable comment all over again
they really got us this time guys

new members make sure to everyone your preferred pronouns

- Mr Retard

- Miss Retard

- Dr Space Man Retard
That means we need to be presenting as many redpills as possible for the newcomers.
We are now at a rate of 50 new subs every 5 minutes or so.

Incredible!
Just resubbed after being away for some months, this train has no brakes and should not be censored (or quarantined as they say it)

Chool choooo
Calrlos Maza is turning out to be the best gift for the right. 

&#x200B;

MAGA. KAG 2020.
New sub here too.  Center lefty but I hate censorship and what the far left is doing.  Keep on fighting against the suppression of our fundamental American rights.
Noticed my T\_D RSS feed quit working this morning and now I know why. I've always been a lurker but I'm joined up now because of it.
I voted Hillary in 2016. A LOT has changed and now in 2019 I am a new sub on T_D and will be putting my vote behind sanity in 2020. The man may be crass and crude but none the less it is better than the clown show that has become the Dem party.
I HAD TO REJOIN! WILL DO IT AGAIN IF NEEDED!
I regret that I have but one sub to give.
Up to 8K now!
Drudge has it now, being seen by millions!
\#Trump2020
Hate what has become of these tech sites, their extreme hatred and intolerance of people, organizations and beliefs that differ from their views is so disappointing.  People like Dave Rubin and Tim Pool being pushed from the center or left of center and made to look like alt-right extremists just because they don't toe the line just shows where things could be headed.  T\_D has been one of the most positive and uplifting places.  Sad to see what is happening.
Posted for first time today, Streisand Effect in the house...
I watched the James O'Keefe video last night about the Google censorship. This morning I contacted my Federal representatives about Google. Now I'm going to contact them about Reddit. 

The claim that this sub is quarantined because of threats of violence regarding the Oregon legislature is completely insane. I've never seen a single threat of violence made in this sub. 

It's complete leftist propaganda. Long live T_D 

🤡🌎
I want to know what they are so afraid of.   


My initial searchs of those comments "inciting violence" had 60 upvotes between 3. What a joke. This sub has over 750,000 users. They are clearly just looking for a reason to shut it down. The mods just couldn't remove the comments fast enough is all. What do you expect with a volunteer team?
Shill "everything's okay even with censorship" post

#FUCK REDDIT
Never subbed to any sub before. This Quarantine BS has changed that.
They all get coats!
I can't post. Banned? No mod response!
this Quarantine is nothing more than Reddit trying to add too much weight to the rack...they truly dont know the power of our mental benchpressing. They're so dumb.
Make The_Donald Great Again!
Sweet Streisand
They will NEVER silence us
Dat Streisand effect though..
Looks to be about 5-6k now. This is going beautifully for them.
I’ve been here since nearly the beginning under various usernames. I work in corporate communications and have felt for some time that I have a skill set to lend to the administration and I’m mulling over this evening how I can help here...
wonder why it took so long for DNC to plant some douchebags in and pull this off.  fucking slow morons
You got me.  Sick of these censorship idiots.
Long time reader... first time subscriber.
Everything the left does backfires.
Ayyyyy who else is new here
Even the most blind fool can smell the shit the censors have on their breath.
Give or take a million.
Perfect example of the Streisand Effect
Yeah x10 that, they hide out true Subscribers, and they limit the amount of upvotes each thread gets, I've never seen a thread get more the  10k upvotes, all in the 5k range
Watch out for plants, become acquainted with your deport buttons.
Guarantee it is a lot more than that, I have to keep rejoining, and I've never joined this community before. Not sure I'm being counted in the final total because every time I leave the page, I'm no longer joined.
I've been on TD for a while anon. Since they quarantined I had to create a profile just so I could subscribe and read it.  Guess that backfired on them. 

Commies.
I kept meaning to join The\_Donald, but I hardly use Reddit, so I would forget. It's actually infuriating seeing the blatant censorship while the... no. I'm not on /pol/ so I can't say what I actually think of the libshits behind this. The only comfort is knowing most of those degenerates are going to die from their own bug chasing...
Literally all the front page posts are about us
Whenever the left screws up, I get this tingling feeling. The moment I heard Reddit had done this, I immediately started to feel that. It's fun to read some of the dumb lefty subs gloating, like this has hurt us. Reddit blew it's load early.
We've gained like 5,000 today so far lol
I have stayed away from politics on Reddit on purpose for many years, but today when I heard The_Donald was being quarantined for dubious reasons I decided it was time to step off the side lines and join the Subreddit.
How the friggin hell was this sub quarantined? 

What a load of BS!  Anyone know what happened? 

Let me guess? Trolling lefties putting in phony reports?
They could have simply deleted this sub, but they didn’t, so I’ll give them some credit for that.    I knew it would only be a matter of time for something like this, though.  Anything pro-Trump is being squashed everywhere else.
We are being compared to the jailbait sub.
Hey Reddit are you a publisher or platform?
We just hit 760k. Let's go boys.
People coming out of the shadows?
I just joined :)
JUST JOINED!!! It was hard finding it tho. I couldnt find you with a search, had to find a link in comment section
a little history lesson for the newbies: a post from 1 year ago:

http://archive.fo/rX4eb

385,000 subscribers? TRY 6 MILLION. 6 MILLION SUBSCRIBERS. 6,014,248 PRECISELY. SIX-MILLION FOURTEEN-THOUSAND TWO-HUNDRED AND FORTY-EIGHT MEMBERS OF THIS COMMUNITY. STOP LYING TO US.
Unsubscribe from all default subs. Keep only this one

Go to https://old.reddit.com/subreddits and leave all the ones Reddit auto signs you up for to engorge their user base, and what they charge advertisers.
Compared to the wayback count from the start of the 26th of June (754,276) to now - we have over 6,738 new pedes joining us. 

Welcome to the truth!
Just subscribed because of the quarantine crap. I had to tap past 3 separate warnings to even enter this subreddit. Disgusting!
Be careful, some of those may be media matters and admin plants to push more fake news as submissions!
"Look for your friends but do not trust hope. Hope has forsaken these lands." Eomer, 3018 of 3rd Age.
I'm with it. Glad to join and push back against the true fascists!
If your are not police state tyrant, and strive to have differing viewpoints out in the marketplace of ideas, you should sub and voice your opposition to censorship.  This is an actual opportunity to doing something liberals used to pride themselves on.
I just hope its not shills trying to bring it down
REEEEEEE THE PEOPLE ARE SUPPOSED TO STOP WHY HAVE OUR PLANS BEEN THWARTED?!?!
How can you guys tell? The subscriber and online #s no longer show for me. Is it because I’m on mobile?
Our stats are modified. 10x and you’re on the money.
I counted 63 new member in a 5 minutes sample. (757,927 --> 757,990).

If that's a reliable average, it would be 18,144 in 24 hours.
Thanks for the advertisement spez, media matters, and other random TDS tards.
H I S N A M E W A S S E T H R I C H
Yep, but here comes a fresh army of shills too.
Yet chapotraphouse still exists
I saw a guy at the Kum-n-Go today.  He was putting 92 octane into his dressed-out Harley-Davidson Street Glide. He was sporting the typical black motorcycle jacket, the beard, dark shades, and he had a lion on the back of his jacket.

I said "Hey, sweet bike, Man!".  He said "Thanks, Brother!" and then he fired that baby up in a roar of thunder.

It was hard to hear the rest of what he said over the loud pipes, but he gave me a thumbs up and said something to the effect of "1,000,000 by election time!".  And then  something about his vision being perfect. 20/20?  

As he pulled away I saw a Florida tag that said "J Titor".

I felt like we made some weird connection. Who knows. Maybe it doesn't mean anything...
TMW the Left tries to stop the Trump train, but more people jump aboard the train during the stop.
It's literally growing as you hit refresh.

Reddit done poked the bear.
For all the new members, welcome!

  


Ignore the fascist Reddit administration, they are only worried (rightfully so) that all of Trump's good deeds will get out and influence people into electing him again.

  


Too bad these latest tricks from Reddit staff won't work either!
I for one would like reddit to stick it's own penis... up it's own arse.
+me just now
Nothing will stop the trump train, even deleting this entire sub.
Smile and laugh.  
All they want is to make us upset and the more they try the more attention it brings.
Just a heads up: Quarantining a sub is the way they prepare to ban a sub. I hate to say it, but unless something serious changes, this place will be banned in a matter of months.

t. refugee from many other quarantined subs.
I subscribed after reading about how the sub was quarantined. I wasn't even a lurker before, but I abhor this sort of censorship.
Hello, Streisand My Old Friend!  
I've Come to Meme with You Again!
The Left can't win a battle of ideas even-up.

They have to pull crap like this.

You can pull violent posts targeting Trump and his supporters with violent rhetoric from multiple political subreddits here permeated with lefties, all day.  New York Times doing a story on it? Reddit overlords shutting their forums down?
Nearly a year break from reddit other than to check the_donald from time to time. This has me back.
Proud to be here!
Is there a good backup place if T_D ever goes down for good?

I've always worried this day would come and want to know where we can reconnect
Good, the more people on this site the better. This is not even a question of views but for the very matter of free speech and what Reddit is trying to do for silencing us is total bullshit.

There has never been a single threat against a police force member, at all. 

So communist Reddit with this bogus crap can go screw itself.
be careful many of them could be plants.
We will not be silenced.
I have never posted on T_D before. That changes today. Censorship is wrong.
Make that 2k+1.
What is the official site to donate to President Trump?
We need a contingency plan.  We need a contingency plan.  Right now.
Why was this Sub quarantined?
Reddit app won’t let me get to T_D even though I’m subbed. Had to link in through r/AskThe_Donald.

Fucking tech fascists.
I'm not a very big supporter of Trump, but I subbed today because I hate suppression of free speech.
I like how you linked to old reddit.
Yeah only they take off a ZERO at the end to begin with. 7,576,540 readers.
So 20k?
Does anyone know of other quarantined subs? I just want to compare how they function.
As with everything the commies try, this too will backfire. Regardless of whether they ban this DOM in the end or not. The weeping and gnashing of teeth will be epic when Trump stomps anyone they try to put up against him in 2020.
What exactly did this quarantine even do? I can still read and post to this sub. It still shows up in my feed. It feels like nothing has changed except now there's a big quarantine label at the top which only makes this sub stand out. Free advertisement.
We will prevail. More and more people are seeing through reddit's ridiculousness and this is having a Streisand effect against the site.
So in reality that's 20k right?
Strike me down and I will become Barbra Streisand.
What doesn't kill us makes us stronger
This could just be a caravan of shills to keep content suppressed, especially since the mods will probably have to allow the downvote button in order to lift the quarantine.
It's more like 5K now.
Streisand effect in action
“If you strike me down, I shall become more powerful than you can possibly imagine.”
What the fuck.

We've been quarantined?

When did this happen?

Fuck me lads.

What did we do now?
Hello there!
We need to spread the word. Let them regret censoring political opponents.
This action is exactly what we need, I hope they continue to ban it all. Come after of us in every corner of the web. Keep pushing the limits, although MSM isn't reporting it all eyes are on silicon valley, we need to strike down these monopolies now, not a year from now, or two, or a decade. We all can see the Dystopian future on the horizon that's what makes this movement so important, if we don't tame drastic action we will lose everything America stands for now and forever.
Can't we have the banner and sidebar pic during quarantine?
Streisand effect intensifies
I love this sub and have for a long time now but wish I could've been one of those new ones that were red pilled today. No matter how far I get from that experience it'll never feel as good as that 24hr experience of enlightenment.
Welcome new members!
I haven’t been on here as much as I’d like to be lately. From what I can see, there’s an unusually high number of cuck troll infiltration going on today. Fellow Pedes, do your part; report/deport.
one of 'em was me
Is it normal that the app isn’t showing any content for this sub, but is usable on the browser?
The left absolutely love censoring anything that disagrees with them. If anything should be getting censored, it’s leftists’ ideaologies because all they do is play victim and blame the “patriarchy” for the fundamentally broken mentality and world view.
Hahaha! We aint dead Dems!
I mean they banned all the good subs.
Bullshit. It's hidden from the search results. Anti Trump stuff comes up instead
#MAGA
I'm shocked with all the censoring, normies are able to find /r/the_donald.  Part and parcel of the red pill when they realize how bad google really is.
They are trying to block any conservative messages from getting any exposure, Reddit, Google, Youtube, Vimeo etc etc. 

Cable news networks will soon follow suit and not allow any Campaign ads to be broadcast because of some other bullshit reason. 

Trump will win 2020 regardless, but 2024 the USA is going to vote itself into a 3rd world country and China will become the biggest threat to the world.
didn’t vote in 2016

won’t make that mistake again
What is it we always say again? Oh yeah...

We just can't stop winning, folks!
over 6,000 new as of now...lol
Interesting isn't it...  Before the quarantine people didn't care much about this subreddit until now.
Is someone going to make an app that is only for t_d with the same format so we can dump reddit?  (I’m not smart enough and I’m lazy)
IF YOU STRIKE US DOWN, WE WILL BECOME MORE POWERFUL THAN YOU CAN POSSIBLY IMAGINE
Me, me, me , me , me...I just joined the sub after seeing Tim Pool's video tonight.
20k, the libtard admins always slice a 0 off our numbers
~754K pre-censorship, ~761K now. Backfire.
Just joined here becaused I wanted to say FUCKA YOU REDDIT, AND A FUCKA YOU LIBERALS!  Take your censorship, and your ideas, roll them up, and shove them up your ass next to your head.
I'm from Argentina and I don't even like Trump, but I agree with some right wing ideas, so here I am!
But how do we get the word out to get everyone back??  I thought my phone died
T_D has gained nearly ... **ENHANCE** ... 20K new doms since this morning
We're unsubbing from all subs except TD. If enough pedes do it reddit will know we mean business, pass it on!
Subscribers up bigly
Welcome new friends and hello old ones I'm glad to be back :D
T_D is but a fraction of the total trump voter base. I don’t know what reddit thought they were going to accomplish by attacking a small fraction of Trump voters while publicizing us to the rest of the trump voters, thereby bringing in their support.
It would not even let me join through the app. I had to jump through hoops just to JOIN this community.
[removed]
times that by 10... more like 20k people.
Thanks, Babs!
Supportive users?
Or more thought police?
It's all part of the preparation for what the left wing knows is about come. The Emergency Broadcasting System will be the only way to get real information. Everything else will be censored.
#my count is 3,712 users just in around 2 hours.


im going off a screenshot from tim pool around 6pm ET
Pinkie Pie, if you will:

[https://thumbs.gfycat.com/AcrobaticDeafeningCaudata-size\_restricted.gif](https://thumbs.gfycat.com/AcrobaticDeafeningCaudata-size_restricted.gif)
20,000
We will WIN because the left is evil.
[Thanks, Spez!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mnRbAlwkNbo)
Am I the only one who was forcibly unsubscribed?
https://imgur.com/Q5nUxcF.jpg
Bwahahahaha...awesome;)
I miss frenworld :(
Is there a way to get a real accurate subscriber count?
That’s amazing considering how hard it is to get here without a direct link.
where is our debate sticky thread?!
Hmm... I don't think this is what the admins were going for, lol
Curved hollow fangs
I love that there's 2k more subs AFTER the quarantine
Too bad it won't matter when ~~Google~~ Reddit bans us
Friendly reminder that this is a website where a sub called againstpedoenabling got banned but ageplaypenpals is a-ok👍🏻
That what happens when you make people ask themselves "are we the baddies?" And the answer is "yes".
Best advertisement ever.
weird, usually they remove the ability to see subscriber count when they quarantine a subreddit
We are up to 8k. Before Google censored us we would get 1 to 2k subs a day
Saving
BRING IT FUCK STICK LOSER NAZI MODS! you are ALL pieces of fucking trash!! try to silence we will get LOUDER! fuck you ALL.  try to ban 70 plus accounts from just me. and im sure others do this as well.

fucking nazis. stay here and raise hell, but have a backup plan to get on another online form.  sitescroll.com is live
Streisand what?
Make that about 5k.
fucking nazi admins.  oh man, this makes me want to fuck with the admins and mods even MORE lol
way to go reddit, goodbye google, hello brave and duckduckgo.  Not going anywhere and don't wish harm on anyone.  Its funny you get this big conspiracy that the internet companies are using their tools to manipulate data and then a couple days later they show their power.  I look forward to the eventual breakdown of their bs monopolies.
First they came for Alex Jones...................
Thank god
We know that that's actually 20,000.
DO NOT READ The_Donald.  It’s illegal. We will read it for you, so you don’t have to.
Uh oh... Is the shareblue check still coming if it backfired?
Brought me here. Good job, facist -- er, I mean moderators 👌
7k new subs.
tbh, the only downside to this is that this looks basic as fuck here
The reason of the gain is they promote this sub. I have seen this in the Netherlands about a movie call michiel the ruiter. It was a crappy movie if u look at the big Hollywood films but some sjw want it not shown in theaters so the protest it alot and the media show it. So alot of people that never new of the movie when to it and is was a big succes. Same whit this sub they hate it and saiy it's bad but they just promote it for us and make it bigger. We should be happy with it.
Awesome!!!
And given that Reddit seems to be showing only 10% of the actual subscriber number, this means 20,000 new subscribers -- more than a thousand every hour.
That's like 200k in reddit numbers
All real people too! Downvoted relentlessly and still winning!
I cannot wait for reddit and YouTube to collapse and be replaced, you guys keep doing you !
I join all the quarantined sub out of spite
let's hope the wall is more effective than this quarantine
Reddit is going to pay a huge price 

People hate censorship
Yep!
I subbed just a little while ago after having kept forgetting to. I don't use reddit often since I go on /pol/ mainly. So my own posing will be far-and-few in between. Still, I will contriboot as much as I can.
Ever since this mornings events, I can access this sub via laptop, but not via app on smart phone. Can someone explain this to me?
F U Reddit
This is the real Rebellion!

The evil empires of Big Tech and Elite companies controlling people's minds are all trying to wipe out free thought and speech
I just came to see why you were quarantined.
But how do we get the word out to get everyone back??  I thought my phone died
Fuckers unsubscribed me today
Creeping on 760K......
Just broke 760k. We keep going!
Weren't we almost at 1m at one point?
Up over 5,000 as of 10:21PM.
Surprising, since Reddit admins make it so hard to even find this subreddit - even before the quarantine, it doesn’t show up on any searches even using exact wording. Now, you can’t even pull up the subreddit by searching for it
YEEESSSSS!  we will not run away, reddit.
Streisand effect. Censorship will backfire but Trump has to help us. Hell, he could just delete his twitter account and move to Gab.
Reddit is about to get super sued.

Change my mind
No brakes on this train reddit admins are cock suckers. Tell em i said it too.
Most of them are SJW clowns wanting to see "caged animals". So" progressive"!
Wow a .2% gain.
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
https://imgur.com/gallery/MEBlv1J
[removed]
Call me crazy..I kind of like it this way.
[removed]
The New York Times just put out an article on the Quarantine, the number’s going to keep rising
it is called the Streisand Effect, which is why some 'pede earlier posted a photo of Barbara Streisands house for no apparent reason.
This is something that the left will never understand.
I have read and posted on T_D daily since early 2016 (under different handles).

I have never once seen a threat of violence against law enforcement on this Domreddit.

Further, President Trump himself is the most vocal supporter of law enforcement and the military to occupy the White House in modern history.

The majority of comments I see here regarding police are positive, except in certain threads alleging police brutality/complaining about certain laws.

However, leftists routinely encourage and commit violence against police and other citizens, particularly groups such as BLM and Antifa, which are praised or at least tolerated elsewhere on Reddit.

Reddit is once again applying a double standard and persecuting a large, mainstream community of users for the supposed "crime" of supporting the duly-elected president of the United States.

I make it a point to represent the pro-police perspective 100% of the time, and even in negative threads, to remind people that the actions of a minority are not equivalent to all or even most police officers.

Law enforcement is a crucial function in our society, and literally allows the law, and thus our society and country, to exist.

Cops are human beings, and human nature means sinfulness. However, American police are typically thoroughly vetted during the hiring process, and are usually highly law-abiding and principled individuals, if not perfect.

Anyone who has a problem with certain laws, such as drug laws, civil asset forfeiture, "quorum-busting" laws, etc., should remember that it is called law enforcement, and not law creation, for a reason.
Said it once and I'll say it again-- The more people try to the silence the truth, the more they encourage others to seek for it
dumbass reddit admins still don't fucking realize this.  This is why we will win again.
>It's better to be infamous than not famous at all.
SJWs have been doing that shit for nearly a decade now. You'd think they'd fucking learn NOT to draw attention to things like that.
This is exactly what I said. Give it a few more hours/days. They’ll be thousands more.
I want to know what percentage of these new subscribers are shills...
Many people that didn't know this place exists are learning about it now since they already try to hide it from social media websites.
This has caused me to want to be more active
I'm a long time the\_donald subscriber read the vox article which linked the the\_donald twitter.  Never knew we had a twitter.... so they too have a new subscriber. kek
Spez: Thanks for the reply /u/sublimeinslime
Hijacking because Reddit has been censoring Project Veritas as well. Shocking video of a Google employee talking about their plan to prevent conservative views.

Watch the video
It's like telling teenagers don't do something that is bad, it almost never works.
everyone should donate to trump 2020 today
[Streisand Effect](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Streisand_effect)
>It's the internet. The more you try to hide something, the more public it becomes

#YUPPERS

Speaking of hiding, hey reddit,...how about letting us hide the stupid yellow banner (yellow marker for the hated, how original...I suppose fascists gonna fascist)
The Streisand Effect!
You think people would have learned that by now.
I'm doing my part and upvoting everything.
That or it’s a bunch a fake accounts coming in to post stuff that shouldn’t be posted.
Just want to say hi to all the 'pedes out there.  There's so much salt….
Hijacking top comment:

WE NEED TO FLEE REDDIT! NOW!

&#x200B;

This is how a ban begins. We have precious-limited time to regroup in a new location before they ban us outright. I've seen it happen to multiple communities with no political pull, so what do you think the admins will do to us?

&#x200B;

While we have time, we need to find a new place to shitpost lest we become homeless diaspora.
I joined to watch you cucks cry.
Welcome, you're now an enemy of the powers that be
Same. Whenever I hear that reddit quarantined a subreddit, it just makes me want to join even if I had no interest in it beforehand.
Coats all around!
And now you'll be banned from several other subs just for posting here! Hooray right?
Yeah sure Russian bot. Nice try
Have a coat! And enjoy it while it lasts, we live in exciting and changing times.
Welcome!
We are the deplorables. Deplorable is MAGA for normal.
Welcome aboard!
Real talk, how did you sub? On desktop at least I'm not seeing the option just "this is quarantined" warnings
Same, lurked around here for a while but subbed today.

Fuck Reddit. 

I was on the fence about voting for Trump but I'm tired of the bullshit the media and tech giants pull on anyone slightly right of them.
/#MeToo. Fuck censorship.
welcome friend!! you are now an enemy to "them"
And vote weight
Well, one good thing is, all my upvotes used to disappear if I merely went to a different post, even on T_D.  At first just on posts, then more recently, my upvotes on comments disappeared, too.  Now they are staying upvoted.  So who knows how many people were ever here, and what the actual count anything was?
36,000 active users, 700,000 followers. Makes total sense. (Sarcasm btw, that's closer to a 15,000,000 follower sub)
They're censoring our submissions now too. It feels like I'm in China. I can't even post stuff that was fine yesterday. Example: https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/c5yype/so_let_me_get_this_straight_r_blackpeopletwitter/es4z1e5/
new subscriber here. super interesting to see censorship like this in 2019.
[deleted]
Yeah. Reddit is going to report that we *lost* 2k subs...and many of those were probably their plants.
I did just have to resubscribe today for some reason. My home feed was very empty without T_D
In Reddit speak 2,000 new users is probably closer to 20,000 new users.

In case someone new is reading this, it's because Reddit has manipulated our total users for years now. We were at 7 million at one time.
#IT'S MA'AM
Welcome! Other subreddits will claim that this subreddit is nothing but violent racists/homophobes/bigots, but it's all lies spewed by the left. We are nothing but loving Patriots around these parts, and we heavily support our President. #MAGA!
So, I read a yahoo article  about the quarantine where it said td is by far the largest community in this platform.  The decimal is in the wrong place.  It has to be.
Same. I'm left of center, but I'll be damned if admins think they can tell me what opinions and stories I should be exposed to.
Welcome!  You’re free to disagree here despite what people say elsewhere.
Welcome aboard - you won’t find the racism hatred comments they say are here - they are just afraid of our existence.
Yep. I was a left leaning centrist up until 2015. Now? Lol. I don't care if the left is actually 100% right about everything. I'll never vote for a left wing politician again.
Welcome and thank you for your support. I'm glad you understand what's at stake.
A true patriot.
how can you tell?
Id like to encourage all t_d users to use the website in [this archived link](https://archive.fo/Vg8s7) to see your comments which have been censored throughout Reddit. (I have to post the archived link or it will be removed. Copy/paste the link at the top)

Almost every subreddit outside of t_d actively works to subvert the truth and censor discussion about anything involving Trump that isn’t absolute admonishment. They do this so that, when archived posts are visited in the future, it will look as if everyone is in agreement with their socialist agenda.
I'm probably one of them, I was in here from the start and got shadowbanned so I had to make another account. I cant get on here with my other account so I tried this and it worked
Welcome and thanks!
Use to be the same for me but because of the algorithm change among other changes directed at reducing T_D's influence, I see posts as much as I see NFL and Dankmemes
Maybe those other mods could be convinced to send some of that anonymously to Project Veritas?
Welcome to the party pals... Long time lurker and supporter. I've chosen to be an advocate and be outspoken after being silenced by subrversive tactics. M.A.G.A.
400 joined in the last hour... 100 joined while I was making dinner.

Good job reddit, you stepped on your own dick.
Joined today, checking in from India. Fuck censorship.
Hi!
Hey! Good to see you.
Same for Ben Shapiro and the DailyWire crowd, I know they are loved/hated in this sub but they better step up.
Shadilay!
Man your battle station, Pede! 

The Left/Democrats cannot win on policies/ideas. They can only win through censorship, manipulation, and cheating (ballot harvesting, media lies, election meddling, illegal alien voters, etc). 

We must stand strong, and vote with all we've got!
Welcome back pede.
Female dicks too. It's 2019
Thank you and welcome aboard!
Welcome.

Look around and don't be surprised when you start to realize that everything you read about us was wrong.
Welcome!
Thanks for being a rational human being.
Unless libertarian, we are enemies.... But regardless right on! 100% for your sort of mindset.
They don't send their best
Normally a quarantine *does* remove the subscriber counter. I guess for some reason the admins felt like the blowback from removing it right now wouldn't be great for them.
Yes because if you look at the link it's from when we were still up and running as usual. The sub didn't get censored until later in the day.
I was unsubbed and had to resub today
Some but not all. The total is higher than yesterday.
You can by following the instructions  [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskThe_Donald/comments/c5u66l/attention_how_to_view_rthe_donald_on_mobile_apps/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app)
Welcome!
Project Veritas probably made them panic.
This is exactly what I'd like to figure out. Sooner than later too. I don't think this sub will be around much longer. Some people are saying Voat, but not much agreement yet.
Why can't someone make a website? And I don't mean like Voat, I mean just for t_d users, be it a forum or a copy of the structure here.

I'm telling you, the days here are numbered.
Welcome back pede
Just another thing that Reddit admins/CEO of Reddit is fucking around with. Unsubbing users from this sub. They can't win on policies/ideas, so they resort to cheating/manipulation/censorship.
Need to post more, if you lurk and don't post you're are gone....
Welcome!
Welcome aboard!
Thank you - that means a lot to us.
It's worth a lot. Thank you.
good. Now be sure to report the google agents planting violent comments etc. so the based t_d mods can clean it all up.
You might get banned first by this subreddit.
I say bring em on. The more time they spend here, the more they learn they are being fed bullshit.
You have to share this song in my head now,

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WK4HHaNhcgU
The Left/Democrats cannot win on policies/ideas. They can only win through censorship, manipulation, and cheating (ballot harvesting, media lies, election meddling, illegal alien voters, etc).
Welcome back !
Thank you!
Funny how that kind of stuff keeps happening isn't it. YouTube & Twitter pull that kind of garbage all the time.
Welcome to the right side!
haha good job keeping t_d under wraps, reddit team
Welcome!
I can see you
Leftists are the dumbest people in society

&#x200B;

They are helping us not hurting us .Everytime they start burning books they turn off independent voters LMAO. I say bring it on and lets watch them lose their legal protections
I've been here awhile. I remember the leaked Reddit analytics page that had The\_Donald in the top 3, with over 6 million unique visitors per month.
\>quarantines T\_D

\>T\_D actually grows 

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

Not all publicity is good publicity, but this sure as shit was hahaha.. "censored by lefties, must be pretty fuckin' alright"
Death by a thousand paper cuts trying to slowly break us combined with all the other censorship.
Welcome!!
Yes it's so weird right!?! It's almost like they didn't want you to find us. Welcome!
keep your report button warm
Swipe right....
Yes, if you are on Desktop PC, it would show at the top right area.
Not sure but I'm on the desktop site on my tablet and I can still see the numbers on the sub home page.
Sure, but they're getting banned almost as fast as they arrive and we're still net positive in the thousands.
Heh. That made my evening. Thanks, brother.
The only thing that needs to change is you need to keep your report button warm to help the mods out
FYI you have / will be banned from a number of subreddits simply by posting here, even ones that you have never visited and I'm not just talking about a leftists ones. Check your offmychest status.
Donaldjtrump.com
Because Reddit admins hate the president and conservative values.
spite
#TDS
This sub is keeping Reddit afloat. Since they chased off a good amount of normie users and most of the power users that provided original content specifically for Reddit.

This site peaked in 2014 and is now kept running via scripts & bots. All because of crazy Libera/SJW users & mods who couldn't keep to their own subs and leave the rest of us alone.
I thought that redesign would have digged this place.  Its terrible and I refuse to look at it.
There's a conspiracy one I stumbled upon the other day
It's nothing more than a gesture due to internal and external pressure.  The DNC machine has nearly limitless reach.
Kills CSS, prevents users fro accessing on mobile, a bunch of other things that will create a noticeable reduction in traffic
This is bizarre to me. I always use RES and always have a downvote button.  No downvote button is kinda silly IMO
Reddit’s excuse is that there were posts calling for violence against law enforcement.

I haven’t seen them.
People want what they can't have.
I agree...but careful, big brother may somehow 'interpret' that as promoting violence
Welcome from the USA!
Yeah it was spooky it just vanished from my subscriptions after I heard that was quarantined.

I had to link to an old Post and then click the except box to get in.

Then my favorites were returned.
It wouldn't let me comment on the app - kept giving me an error.
I had to go on my PC to view this subs content. On  the app it all shows up blank. When you refresh for content you get 'Sorry, cant reach reddit' message. It's BS
Not all of them, because they're getting banned every minute and we're still 3-4K up.
Both I'm sure. But shills will eventually reveal themselves.
eh, I've been watching it for quite a while.  A good pace was a thousand over 3-4 days.  There were spikes of 1k a day but it was only during big events like the Korean hostages
You have to do some sort of setting change and definitely subscribe on the desktop version.
Get em
Because Reddit is run by leftist snowflakes who can't handle the fact that many people think very differently than they do.
I’m sorry, are you referring to Obama’s manufacturing employment gains between ‘08 through ‘14?

Oh wait, that was still a net loss.
😑
Yeah, right after I get off the cruise back from one of the Clinton's  great as fuck underage gangbang parties. Fuck off alien.
Not surprising, I'd guess a shitstain like you get's tired of being BTFO'd every time you open your dick smoker.
"And thush, racishm wash banished from Reddit, and the world oncshe again, shafe.."
You are very mean... person of peoplekind. This sub shall rise like pheonix.
There is 40,000 + on right now. Good job Reddit, kek!!!!!
hopefully everyone reports on it, fox, cnn, every podcast. they want to sweep it under the rug and have it go unnoticed. we need to be louder. Perhaps that doge meme "oh boy i love visiting my president's subreddit on june 26th, 2019" would be a good way to start the redpills
The fact that they actually spent money to print that this sub is even a thing = beyond hilarious. This is HUGE. YUGE even.
Let's Streisand this.

This is the memo that outlines the tactics of ShareBlue -

https://www.scribd.com/document/337535680/Full-David-Brock-Confidential-Memo-On-Fighting-Trump

ShareBlue is Media Matters. Media Matters is directly funded by George Soros.

This is not a conspiracy theory. Wikipedia it.

Media Matters recently posted this article

https://i.redd.it/d66ejjlynq631.png

that cherry picked comments (that were possibly planted on T_D) as pretext for the banning of T_D and then disseminated that article to other media in attempt to silence the sub.

This tactic lines up directly with the strategies outlined in the above memo.

Anyone that frequents this sub knows that not only do we support law enforcement and the military but we are proud to include *lots* of cops and soldiers within our ranks.

If you are new to this sub, or if even if you are just a lurker that is not familiar with the above, 

#PLEASE READ THAT MEMO.

It will open your eyes to the levels of deceit employed by not only the left, but foreign powers, to influence our elections and cause turmoil in this country through information warfare.

#IF YOU ARE AN AMERICAN YOU SHOULD BE SEVERELY DISTRESSED BY THIS
KEK
BARBURA
There are probably lots of Trump supporters who didn't even know what Reddit was before today.
Have to wonder Streisand effect or leftists who plan to post violence in effort to censor us?
The harder you try to censor something, the more visible it becomes.
I thought they were supposed to be tech savvy?? How come they are so incredibly easy to troll and so dumb to the Streisand Effect? 👌
I think the left, holds a close characteristic of wamenkind in general.

The inability to see into the future.

Like men... we are all here, enjoying civilization, because our forefathers, were able to predict the results of our actions, ahead of time.

Wamen, and the left in general, lack that ability.
The Left won't, but individual leftists do
"They" are claiming it's because of the Oregon senators, and the Guvnah calling for them to be brought in.
This is intelligently written, well thought out, and clearly put together by someone that bothered to graduate from college.  As such, it hardly belongs on Reddit.

The punch line is that 'quarantines' like this are how the Nazis gained their footing, and the left is so caught up in their self aggrandizing nonsense that they won't see it.  They can't see it.

The Democrats are out of steam.  The endless accusations produced absolutely zero.  The Mueller Report is a 30 million dollar joke that has resulted in nothing.  They don't have anything resembling a viable candidate, 2020 is a lock for Trump. They fired all their social issue BS at the same time, people are bored of no results.

But getting locked out of Reddit is next level.  It's weird.  It's not necessary.

I hope the twelve intelligent people on here see that.
Well, reasonably... they can ban/delete the sub... then what?
No way to know, but they usually reveal themselves, because they're unable to do otherwise.
I just got a push notification from a former lurker, but the reply didn't appear on this post. Strange...
True. And many are more curious (in a positive way) then they were in 2015-2016 when they thought Trump was a doomed long shot.
the leftists are THAT dumb.  fucking liberal cock suckers
makes me go even MORE hardcore now on my several accounts spamming the SHIT out of reddit.  fucking nazi admins.  pussy fucks
All of these mods where mods before.  We had them as temp team mods.  Or are you too dumb to look those up.  We are getting brigaded by the rest of reddit and needed some help.  These patriots stepped up.  All you did was create a conspiracy.  Bravo fucking zulu.
Thanks! Proud to have a voice, however oppressed.
Welcome!
Can we get this guy a coat or did spez kill the bots too?
do NOT come in! we are ALLL NAZIS and skinheads that have pics of eating illegals!! D:

YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED!!
I'll give him a coat. They've even dismantled our bots!
Get this patriot a coat!
wtf did you just say about me you little bitch!?! YOU POST ON THE DONALD!! YOU ARE IRRELEVANT SMH ABRA CU DUHHH -_-
I'm on mobile, and clicked the Join button. I had to click through a quarantine hoop before it.
What really irks me is our new overlords have started censoring submissions that would have been perfectly fine, and encouraged yesterday, but are now unacceptable. See https://magaimg.net/img/8b4p.png
When this subreddit was reporting 500,000 users reddit was charging advertisers as if it had 5 million (until they were called out).
Just curious how you came up with that number? I have no clue.
The Witcher subreddit is top shelf: they have 300K followers... and 1.1 k active users.

&#x200B;

Yes, Reddit is lying to you, and they don't even have the decency to tell better lies.
This!
25% of all trump voters in 2016?  I'm sure they fudge the numbers but the numbers some of you come up with make us look ridiculous.  Not to mention I have like 10 accounts subbed on here as I cycle through accounts quite often.

I highly doubt our sub count is 15 million.  Definitely way higher than they state, but i also acknowledge some accounts may be people from the other side subbed in to keep tabs on what's being said so they can post in their "anti-hate" subs about what monsters we are or whatever they say over there.  Many are duplicate accounts.  Saying 15 million subs implies that we have that many unique individuals and I just don't see that.
A decentralized Reddit-style site would be the best thing possible. Not Twitter style like Gab, or Facebook-style like Minds, and no Voat doesn't count because it isn't decentralized.
7 MILLION PEDES!?!??  Why haven't we invaded Russia yet?
lol That's what I was thinking.
Keep in mind we may be under a multi-pronged attack. There is likely a wave of shillbots in the wings to post bannable content to try to sink this dom. 

Deport with extreme prejudice.
I've been here awhile... I remember the temporarily leaked analytics page that had The\_Donald in the top 3 of organically active subs, receiving over 6 million unique visitors each month. Our numbers are very very much suppressed. Not to mention they publicly began blocking our posts from ever getting on the all/front page. The left can't win on policies/ideas... they can only win on censorship, cheating, and manipulation.
I've been here for years and while Reddit does try to manipulate our statistics I very thoroughly **do not believe** that our actual subscriber count is ten times what is listed under our info.  If that were actually the case then practically every post would have hundreds upon hundreds of comments and very popular posts would often break thousands of comments...breaking a thousand comments is actually quite rare here.  But it would happen all the time if we actually had 7,000,000 subscribers. 



 *We do, statically, have a very active userbase*.  We generate as many page impressions as subs literally ten times our size.  So people come here many times in one day and I believe we have a lot of visitors that don't subscribe.  I think the page impressions number is where the idea that we actually have millions of subscribers comes from but, in my opinion, that idea really does not pan out.  While it's a fun meme it runs the risk of making us look really dumb if taken too far.
I think they were bullshitting advertisers with those numbers. The sub has only grown, 
do you really think there's millions of subscribers but only a few thousand comment? Seems unlikely to me.
And post and comment upvotes I think.  At least mine seemed to be.
And police! We love our boys in Blue!!
Oh so then i came to the right place. Usually people who are tagged as such are nothing like it. Glad to be here thanks!!!!!!!
It's true.  A leaked list of subs came out a couple of years ago.  There are millions of people subscribed here.
Welcome, lefty!

Glad to see others that believe opposing censorship is more important than party lines.
It amazes me how the left isnt worried at all about restricting open ideas and discussions. Cant they see this will hurt them long term? I mean I enjoy reading everyone's viewpoints and opinions and discovering whose I agree and disagree with. I dont want to be anywhere that tries to hide ideas for the sole sake of winning elections. It's so much deeper than that. It really makes me think the left really are very unintelligent people.
How left can you really be with an open mind like that?
Weeellll....
I never expected to find that. my opposition to trump was his stance on guns and excessive spending. but of course, everything he does with that pales in comparison to the left, and one of them *is* going to be in charge.
Your comment makes it sound like you're insulting yourself.
It says 28 comments (or whatever) but the number of visible comments is less
When I posted this we had like 5 comments visible but the number at the top said 7. That means 2 people posted comments who aren't showing up - and they likely have no idea they're shadowbanned.
MAGA right back at you. This has only energized us.
I have no doubt they'll all mention this in their videos tomorrow
Yep, emotional manipulation is a main tactic.  Just look at AOC.  She embarrassed herself with her concentration camp comment so she went to the facilities and took pictures of herself crying.  No substance at all.
Thanks. Been on the Trump train since it got built, but never got angry enough to actively make it my number one thing. They kick me, I kick back.
Thank you!
I am libertarian in fact, also Canadian so maybe we're enemy's regardless lol
But there's some very fine people on both sides
That’s also happened to me before.
They do that all the time. I’ve had to resub a minimum of 5-10 times
I was unsubbed as well when I went to check on my sub during the quarantine news on mobile, rejoined on desktop.
Thanks!
Thank you :)
I don't like voat at all.
Thanks
Thanks boss. I was never truly gone, but I'm not going to stand for this leftie bullshit. It was only a matter of time.
Right side.... I see wat chu did there lol. Thanks brother! Glad to be here.
I made my first political donation.  Thank you!
I've been accessing this sub on mobile all day.
Fuck reddit.

Quarantine wont do nothing.
It was timing me out earlier as well.
All reddit did was make me more dedicated to find out WHY this subreddit was quarantined... now that I’m here, I see nothing wrong...?
Roger that. Much appreciated!
Would it be better just to find a new platform then? Not saying that opposing viewpoints aren't beneficial, but if a website is not Centrist, it obviously doesn't have your side in any fight.
Manufacturing employment lol
Yeah, that '08 under Obama was rough.
His cock warmer?
You are so woke.
[removed]
This amazing.  Every time radical leftists attempt to silence patriots, it is a spectacular failure.  1M here we come!
Reddit can go to hell! T_D for life
I have a feeling we'll surpass a million by the end of this week.
How many are usually on, on average?
Sadly down to 19k right now. But then, in the US it is late evening now. Only a few Europedes like me are still here probably.
I thought quarantines hide the subscriber count and active count
[removed]
[removed]
everyone is reporting on it. the left reporting the lies about seth the lies about pizza gate and then the violence from the sub. then somewhere evidently I am no longer mexican american I am a white r word and a n---. Interesting, I evidently hate LEO and well you know. With that being said, Alex did read what I wrote about our site, Mark Dice retweeted from someone, Diamond and Silk were tweeted, Candace, Tucker and Hannity notified as well as pro America reporters from the NY post. So it is out there. We are AMERICANS this is NOT American to CENSOR words, thoughts and being a citizen of the United States of America
Agenda free t.v. even did an hour long segment on it. Lmao.
I appreciate the effort (or copy and paste) but I am afraid that isn't how the Streisand Effect works.
South Park reference?
YUP...that's why we don't push to censor the left....we show them to the world...the world laughs...
Said almost every philosopher for the last 3000 years. Yet tyrants never get it.
They're tech savvy, they aren't LOGIC savvy.
They are tech savvy but they don't think. The best way they could have "quarantined" the sub was to just leave it alone. Articles are being written about it, people who have no clue what td is will come and check it out, thus generate traffic and subs.
It is not the Streisand Effect because long term, censorship works. Alex Jones numbers are way down. Milo is broke and gets nowhere near the attention he used to get. Ricky Vaughn is gone completely. The Left can live with a 2,000 or more sub boost over the next few days in exchange for the slow death of the sub over the next few months.
they are fucking stupid ass dildo wielding leftist fuck stick loser nazi mods, that's why. probably wearing cory booker butt plugs right now xD
The claims are true. The problem is they are hardly representative of TD as a whole.
>Or are you too dumb to look those up

This.

Thanks!
No no no, you can't be oppressed because now you're a Nazi. Don't try to make reverse-oppression a thing. /s
Hurrr durrr T_D user muh racism. Lol love you guys
Well, they are being extraordinarily careful to not open any potential can of worms.  ANY.  Who would have ever though yesterday T_D would ever be considered anti-LEO of all things?  JMHO.
Seems like its showing 10%
A little while ago you could request stats from reddit under the guise of being an advertiser, and it showed t_d as having 6 million subscribers (they seemed to have just knocked a 0 off) not sure where that guy got 15 mil tho
Hard to believe its been over a year now. However, a user found our real sub count. If you wanted to purchase ad space on a community it used to share the sub-count of the sub so advertisers knew how much reach their ads would have in a community. All communities had the correct sub counts except the the\_donald where our  sub count was 10x the actual. Back then apparently had 6 million subscribers.

&#x200B;

[https://external-preview.redd.it/NeWWU8tV8aJ3QMUHmfk1Z\_dPJxTGjIEIhwWR1Dltbds.jpg?auto=webp&s=521cf8421a1dcd37499036ef880f6bc221e51104](https://external-preview.redd.it/NeWWU8tV8aJ3QMUHmfk1Z_dPJxTGjIEIhwWR1Dltbds.jpg?auto=webp&s=521cf8421a1dcd37499036ef880f6bc221e51104)
Probably from a fake news site trying to get us to put our guard down, thinking we've more support than we may actually have. I for one won't fall for it, we may be small, but we're powerful.
Idk if anyone has given a good answer yet but I usually check subs like the politics one and considering we have a very close active member counts but they have millions of subs whereas we apparently have 750k. Now this is a very active subreddit but we routinely have as many active users as a sub that has over 20 times as many subscribers
worldnews

21,557,215 readers

33,989 users here now
I said 7-10 in another comment, which is probably about what it is. I was just throwing out a number in the millions.
And Voat is a toxic shithole if it hasn't changed since my last visit.
We need to clear out the pinkos here first.
Well apparently we’re already Russian
Why invade Russia, when they are happy to come here if visa restrictions are easier?
Did anyone ever figure out why that same site showed Hillary's sub at 1 million?  And most other subs were at 10x their shown sub count.  I figured it was total viewers instead of subs, since Hillary's sub has like 20k real subs.
I'm in New. CAN CONFIRM! We are under attack!
I agree with this.  I also think they are hoping we as a community act out of anger and do something actually ban-able.
They will likely find some reason to ban no matter what. The reason for the quarantine was a ruse. Nobody had spoken about banning the sub for a long time due to excellent moderation. They do these things in collusion with other tech giants. Google being threatened by O'Keefe right now is a crisis for them all.
absolutely. shariablue et al. it's been planned for a very long time.
keep in mind the subscriber/lurker/casual viewer to regular poster ratio is probably at least 100:1. most people will never post, for a variety of reasons - even die hard supporters. maybe they fear being ostracized or any of a million other potential negative consequences. like being on "the list" which big tech has of all us Russian bots!

so at the end of the day it doesn't matter. reddit is most definitely manipulating all of the numbers and has worked tirelessly to (effectively) shadow-ban this subreddit for a very long time. and their cohorts at google and facebook have actively worked to hide content and to keep the sheep from stumbling across this place. of both these things i am 100% certain.
I appreciate your articulate and knowledgeable response.
Impossible to know, but always something to consider.
And yet if you check by Top all time it shows posts that reach 40K.

So, if we've grown are we being throttled now or what?
This sub is more active than subs with 20m subscribers. We are probably close to 12m subscribers right now.
As much as they obviously hate this sub I think their explanation for that whole thing is pretty plausible. 

7 million subscribers would put this sub in the top 50 by subscriber count. Politics only has 5 million, was a default sub and is infested with shills.
It was most likely unique IPs not subs. They just counted them as subs for no reason.
I remember that day, lol.  It was incredible,
It wasn't "leaked," like it was a secret.  Somebody used Reddit's Advertiser tools to show that we had a lot more subscribers than the official count.  So at that point Reddit was either lying to advertisers or lying to users.
As long as your not an asshole or blatantly anti-Trump.
I Probably did
FYI the comment counter also includes comments that were removed by T_D's mods (likely leftist trolls).
I know they’re keeping some of my posts off.
Funny how that works. They never learn!
Welcome!
Nah, I'm chill with leafs lol. If this goes to a lefty shithole I'll be your country's immigrant after all... If Alaska doesn't say fuck it and break off. All in all, I'd probably find more in common with you than any of the Dems. So cheers :D if I ever need to run thattaway lets go grab some good brew and converse out the differences
Welcome!
I've been seeing a lot of comments like that. I guess we'll just all find each other one way or another. I hope we're not in the dark too long.
Welcome!
Every little bit helps! Welcome to the train!
Everyone right of AOC is a Nazi. 🤡
I think the issue is they’ve made it harder to find. Unless you knew about it beforehand you would never stumble across it. Then there’s the app not allowing any content to be viewed even after opting in.
But not you, you paragon of virtue and wisdom.  Bless us mere humans with your otherworldly knowledge.
Username checks out
More like 10M
We hit 1 million about 6 million subscribers ago.
Til they close the sub sadly :( great awakening was at its peak and they closed it very randomly
Fake user counts ftw.
It's been headed there for a while. 

I really enjoy the ability to read a news aggregate, but that's all I use Reddit for now, and I'm banned in most of the news subs...

So, go fuck yourself Reddit. Time to go the way of MySpace, and die in a corner of the web.
I unsubscribed to every sub on Reddit today expect for /r/The_Donald.
Amen! We aren't going anywhere!! (No such thing as an Ex-Trump supporter.
Yeah, they can! I just had to jump through desk top hoops to get here, then I find T_D has been removed from my favorites and the searches!! 

Thank God I’m an active poster so I could access the sub through old posts!
Fuck reddit.  I how this whole site goes down like Digg.  What a worthless piece of shit company.
sitescroll.com is a new online minimalist forum.  ad free and all posting without restrictions!
Careful with the meanie words.
14-20 k
Projection 101 What school did you go to take this class?
No, we fully understand that you have nothing better to do with your life.
"decent redditors"
wow your mom must be proud
Appropriating Southern culture. Yikes, bigot.
Why would you be banned? 

FREDOM.OF.SPEECH. 

I don't agree with what you say but I won't cry about it and report you after you say it either unlike the screeching alt-left.

To each their own.
If we are so low energy, why are you pussies so afraid of us? Why do you have to censor us? Do you want the answer? It's because your ideas are childish at best and do not produce a healthy, vibrant culture. So you limp wristed losers have to try to censor and attempt to intimidate us. Sad!
> It’s funny that there are only (currently 35K) people online here in a sub that supposedly has 6 million subs even with all of the extra media exposure this sub is getting right now.

If we take it for a given that that subscriber count is inaccurate and there are 6 million instead of 760k (I'm not making a claim either way here), it's funny how you assume that the subscriber number can be manipulated but the total number of people online can't.
I know how it works.  I'm taking advantage of the effect to redpill some normies.

Attacks on T_D in the media always end up being a recruitment drive.
The greatest disinfectant for it is bringing it into the light for all to see. Democracy dies in darkness and back room deals
I read that in Arnold’s voice.
Shadow ban, but do it on the down low. 

These idiots basically gave The_Donald a free multi-million dollar marketing campaign. This is super bowl commercial level type exposure.
fuck em HARDCORE fucking nazi shit mods
[removed]
dude...im like THE biggest racist EVER.  indy car racing is SUPERIOR to stock cars!
Pretty sure the reddit admins are running the sub now. Tweet from official TD twitter account appears to confirm this: https://twitter.com/thedonaldreddit/status/1143926570408644608
[Yeah, its been going on for several years now. I wouldn't be surprised if the sub count is above 10 mil by now.](https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/88mpf0/one_year_ago_today_we_discovered_the_donalds_true/)
For some perspective NBA is in a pretty hot season right now coming off the championship game and being 4 days away from free agency (an event that has become about as big as the nfl draft).  That sub has 2.5 mil subs with 15k - 35k active at a time.  

So yeah the 15m seems inflated but the person I'm responding to has it right.  I saw the screenshots during that fiasco that had T_D at 6m subs for advertisers.
They’re probably just slowly and subtly increasing the subscriber manipulation to 20:1 instead of just 10:1 so that we wouldn’t even notice it.
>6 million subscribers

There was a thread to celebrate that where the mod team offered us all custom flairs, mine being one of many examples.
Wow this is a thing that has become like t_d lore but I have NEVER seen evidence for real. Mind blown
VOAT is toxic, can confirm.
Yeah, it is. Not a good idea to set up shop there.
With Vodka, Kahluha and cream
I have discovered that most of Reddit is a thing of shadows and lies.  It cannot survive the light of the truth.

That is why it can never win.
Redistribution of TD subs...
o7
Agreed!  There is an all-out digital assault from every direction.
We absolutely used to have those numbers...before they neutered us. We used to troll all and make a picture of the Don with #1, #2, #3, and #4 top off all. It was fucking awewome.
It's unusual for a post here to reach 40K, it's gotta be a big event, election or something. I wouldn't be surprised if they were fucking with our vote counts, but unless they're mass block/removing comments there is no way we have 7 million (actual) subscribers.
Yeah but those aren't 20m active users. We aren't as active as politics and they have what, 5m? I have no doubt our sub and vote counts are being suppressed, but unless they're blocking comments there's no way we have 7m.
well, there was a reason for sure. the advertising cost is gonna be a lot higher to a group of 5 million than 500,000.
Link? I'm curious myself.
I remember the day the reddit software engineers f-ed up trying to suppress TD and they accidentally "turned it off" and the entirety of /all- for like 50 pages down was 95% TD posts.  It was fucking hilarious.

TD is/was so popular even BEFORE the election it forced Reddit to take multiple swipes at suppressing it precisely *because* TD wasn't breaking any rules.  

There was the vote-weighting,  "community participation" rating.  Have we even ever had "our" subreddit of the day?  (happens IIRC when a subreddit is hot in growth.)   Then there was the entire changing of the way stickied posts work.  All because TD was so active *while* being squeaky clean.

"we" aren't what they wish we were so they have to lie.
Ha true
or even slightly anti-trump
But won't it still show in the thread that the comment was deleted?
When I tried to view this sub I was automatically unsubbed because of the quarantine. Some crazy manipulation.
I'll hold you too it! And the leafs along with the Oilers are the biggest embarrassment to Canada since Justin Trudeau lol
#CHUGGA CHUGGA
[removed]
Once we hit 30M we’ll be equal in number to the illegals Hussein 0racist and his ilk imported. The Trump train is barreling down the track 🚊
reddit is for old people now.  go to sitescroll.  it's new, fresh and very modern and up to date.  none of this shit show
Which sucks, since some great minds like Aaron Swartz were behind it, but Reddit's old philosophy went out the window like a shit turd in San Francisco. I guess all good things must come to an end eventually...
Even the porn ones? You monster!
I have never even visited any of the other subs, and see no reason to, especially after these recent shenanigans.
That is what they want, for us to be quarantined.
Good Idea! about to do the same
Once you get used to winning, you'll never want to taste losing again
Actually there is. It's being  TRUE Christian.
Thankfully i found a link joined asap.
Damn! I didn't even catch what they said, I was making the family dinner.
[removed]
Now that's High Energy!
This. Leftist ideology is that of cock roaches. Bring it to light, and they scatter/cower, and you get to see how nasty they are.
[removed]
Freeeen!
The reddit admins have stepped in less than once a day to remove a comment. Our mods remove 10s of thousands per day
Thx.  Good.  Something happened for sure.  I had T_D open on two windows when I found this all happening this A.M. and left it that way.  Now I noticed one window is on Night Mode.  That isn't a big deal -- except I didn't do that.  And I encountered or heard thru others other odd things happening.  Weird.
I'm sure it is in the millions. That's why they're whining so much.
Yeah I just threw 15 mil out there, didn't know my comment would get so many likes. If I had to guess it's 7-10 million.
Mine too.
And they “fixed it” after we found out. But we will never forget.
Tasty beverage
The socialist method. Fitting.
I'm pretty sure they changed the upvote algorithm last year just to leave the Donald in the dust. It used to be ~10k was the max, now they made it ~100k for every sub except this one. That's how they keep thedonald off the front page.
It happened suddenly last year or late 2017, despite growing and being more active our upvotes became nearly useless
The amount of new content on this site dwarfs nearly all other subs combined.  That is the metric which would provide a 7 million sub count.  And many of the submissions are auto-modded deleted before anyone sees the topics.
Politics is also a default sub don’t forget so I’m sure that partly inflates their users.
Here’s one post about it.  That was two years ago.  Time flies.  https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/62o98m/admins_are_removing_this_from_new_and_rising/?st=JXDX0TQU&sh=9e726e81
If your making a point of it, yea.  I can’t imagine a time where announcing it would be relevant to a conversation here.
YOU FOOL, YOU’VE DOOMED US ALL!
Snackomode is so worth it.
Oh don’t get me wrong I love to go on all and drop redpills as often as possible.  Who cares about imaginary internet points
Now that I have access on my phone, I can access no prob. T_D is on top of my visited list, lol
X person said the 40k people here are here to watch the "chaos". Also claimed the new subs today are from Alt accounts.
Yall seem to care a lot more then we do 🤣🤣🤣. Hey let me know how that impeachment is going
Two Scoops
Anybody who links this video is a fren of mine! Well done pede!
Hey careful man there's a beverage here.
To critique his actions when he does something faliable.
[is it better to go out hilariously](https://archive.is/8Uvx5)[, or fade away impotently in a ditch?](https://i.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/483/928/fb0.jpg)
All publicity is good publicity. People will check this place out and see the difference between how we actually act/talk VS how they try to paint us, as hateful, racist, violent, idiots. I was livid at first but the way this is playing out, it seems like a mistake by the commies.

spez: That being said, we need this quarantine lifted or we can't get our ideas, jokes, memes out, which is what makes us attractive to people on the fence. I know it drew me in when I first checked this place out, there really is no other place like it on the interwebs.
You don't have to subscribe to read comments. Epic fail!
Two terms
His actions are critiqued here all the time.  Nobody leads with “I am/am not a trump supporter and ...” because its irrelevant if it’s a valid point, and not blatantly anti-Trump
Fair. I can't say otherwise, i'm not here often enough
Just a lot of misrepresentation spread about here.   You have to remember that the sub has been basically forced into a defensive posture since it got big - essentially in fear of what’s happening now.  

Glad you’re here though!
Welcome for the ride, Sancho lol
Have a coat and a brick, pede.  
  
If spez hasn't taken those from us as well, that is.
Welcome. We don't have to agree 100% to agree on the 1st amendment.
I am primarily here to support free speech.

Well that and sticking it to dirty fucking commies.
We don't all agree here. No one does. But we see larger fundamental problems that unite us. There is a lot of prejudice in the world today and I think one of the biggest things we are currently grappling with is the far left equating all Conservatives as bigots not realizing the irony. T_D is a small slice of Conservatives, we're all over the place on monetary policy but are united against identity politics. I'll always welcome anyone who wants to fight with us!
I was hesitant to join too. Now my problem is that I spend too much time here. It is addictive. I love this place.
Welcome to the party. It's a fun wild ride
Welcome friend.
Welcome.  This sub is one big family of patriots.
And now you’re banned from half of Reddit.
So I joined too but now all I see on my feed is this subreddit. Is reddit trying to get me to unsubscribe by only showing this subreddit on my feed? Like I might unsubscribe because I can’t see any other posts from things I subbed too
Welcome!  I salute your stand for reason.
Thank you.
Thank you, very kindly!
Welcome, I did the same too!
Thanks for joining.  Welcome to the shit show that is the_donald.

We have the best memes.
Glad to be here! I'm against censorship/political games here on reddit. Whatever reddit is doing..
Thank you friend. You are a cool glass of water on a hot sunny day. God Speed.
have fun being treated like a parasite by the rest of reddit just for posting here

but fuck them anyway
You're welcome here, everyone is. I'm a bisexual ex Muslim 

We are diverse here. The accusations and censorship are propaganda.

People fact check here so you can't get away with spreading nonsense.
Somebody get this guy a coat!
Thank you for standing against censorship
Welcome aboard!
Thank you for joining and welcome new 'pede!  

Get This Patriot a Coat!   

(k, now somebody do a coat bot impersonation)
# When your product is shit, it will only sell if it doesn't have competition.

That's what this is all about here, on twitter, YT and elsewhere. We have an election coming up and the Democratic candidates and their ideas can't compete with scrutiny, so scrutiny is denied.
The reason for this is election meddling, nothing more, nothing less.
We here at T_D stands with everyone that supports free speech. Welcome!
Welcome & God bless you for the support!  Patriots coming together is a beautiful thing!
Welcome fam, just FYI the haters use addons that show which users have posted in TD, you are now marked.
Welcome Sancho
thank you
Welcome!  And thank you for your support!
Welcome new pede! I hope even if you lightly poke around this subreddit you'll see we're not about anger and violence like the mainstream political subs. This is a place to discuss facts and ideas bluntly without all the PC garbage to stop you from true critical thought.
Grab a beer and enjoy the ride!
Welcome, new Pede!
1. Good for you. By this logic ALL of reddit would probably merit suspension.

2. I doubt the accusation regardless, i have not seen calls for violence one time in my...3 years? Here
Thank you, Sancho! Welcome and enjoy your stay. <3
Welcome.  This sub is full of a bunch of great folks who love liberty.
I feel the same about political subs, blogs, etc. but this one is SO different! People are so damn clever and hilarious here. I struggle with anxiety, but this place lightens the load. It's not the same with all the customizations blown away, but at least we're still here...for now.
get this man a coa... oh right they killed the bot
welcome to *high energy* 
goodbye to *high anxiety*
probably just spez editing comments to make people look bad again
Welcome. You will see this is anything but a hostile place
I don't wanna sound like a queer or nuthin', but I think OP's name kicks ass!    (FYI, reference from the movie "Orgasmo", by Matt Stone and Trey Parker, the creators of South Park.)
They weren’t members. They were shill/new accounts that came and posted those comments. 

Our mods removed them but they still accounted against us. It was a coordinated move all along.
That's the fun part of The_Donald. We don't feel anxious. 

We're too busy watching Trump inexorably dismantle the deep state, judicial appointment by judicial appointment.
That part about being anxious is so true. I typically avoid so much political stuff because I *know* the level of stupidity and deception will get me riled up, and I do not like being riled up like that. Like imagine being punched in the back of the head, you turn around and step towards the person like "wtf?" then they yell "help he's attacking me!" Thats the kind of bullshit I feel like Im reading every day. People playing absolute dirty pool to push their bullshit, and as gay as it sounds the_donald made me feel like I wasnt crazy. The_donald is like "dude he punched him in the back of the head right before he yelled for help!" And Im like YES EXACTLY!
Welcome!
Trump 2020💪🇺🇸
I have been on T_D for over 2 1/2 years and never seen any violence against the police advocated by posters here. I believe any such posts were planted by those wanting to block our voices. This is censorship and it is totally unwarranted. Our mods work tirelessly to try and keep T_D free from those who would harm us, and I call out the entire Reddit management for their obvious policially motivated bias.
I joined from another country... and am upvoting every post without reading them.... for a few days anyway.  I cant stand that the freedom of the press and speech is being battled everywhere, and especially the USA.   Its in-sane. Insane.

The thought occurs... isnt Reddit mostly owned by a Chinese company now?
Thank you for your support and welcome, fellow patriot! It's not all political posts here. There is a lot of humor and I regularly learn things not related to politics here as well.
Thank you for noticing and speaking out.
With you.
It means more than you know!  Welcome aboard!
spez took our coats and bricks... what a day
Thank you Sancho!! Without freedom of speech, there is no America.
Thank man, we appreciate you. Welcome to the civil side of debates. Come back often
<3 You are a true Man of Freedom. Thank you, _Sancho <3
Get this man a coat!
Good to see you Sancho. I don’t know you but I’m glad you’re here. Pull up a chair, have a beer, enjoy yourself.
Fuck the commies!
Thank you. I appreciate you standing up for what you believe in so much, we could definitely use it now!
We love _Sancho! We are a group of independents, democrats, republicans, and the rest. We love Trump. We simply believe in free speech. Thank you, _Sancho!
WAIT, is brick and coat bot quarantined???!
"I don’t have the time to constantly feel anxious about political stuff"

Damn you're right, I spend too much time here and that explains a lot... but anyway, thanks for the support!
Welcome to the train! Thanks for your support!
> and I don’t have the time to constantly feel anxious about political stuff

This place is perhaps the only one where politics are actually fun and not all doom and gloom. And memes, THE MEMES! The memes are juicy here.
Welcome! Thanks for joining! I'd offer you a coat, quad bricks, and a ticket on the trump train, but the quarantine has shut our boys down sadly. :/
FREEDOM OF SPEECH.

USA USA USA
Glad to have read this. Welcome to the sub.
 #Ijoined
Get this patriot a coat and 4 bricks! This train has no brakes!
>  because I believe that the reason for this mess is from a few members who do not represent the entire community.

It's leftist shilling. We've been dealing with it for almost four years now. And it's not just this dom-reddit, either. Let us know when you're ready to hear how deep the gaslighting goes. Just at your own pace.
Welcome aboard.  Have a Brick and a Coat -- though I bet the Reddit jerks took out our cool bots too.
I have to agree.

This sub is no different to all the others.

Giant circle jerks happen while using flawed logic and like other subs, contrary to popular opinion, results in downvotes.

Logic does not give a god damn fuck about anybodys feelings. We can be better but we can't be better if we don't hold ourselves accountable to a set standard.

We should downvote aggressively illogical statements, instead, they permeate into the sub.

In short, this subs failings aren't caused by accident. It caused by not willing to downvote stupid comments.

Reddit is designed to handle comments individually. An up voted comment gets light and a downvoted comment gets aggregated to near invisibility.

We can at least collectively hold ourselves to a better standard, by downvoting bad comments, and when someone gets a reddit admin to shine a spotlight on a comment, they'll see the sub at large, rejects the argument.

To me, this is our goal.

I hope we can be better. This sub is critically important.
Welcome lad!!
Killer thanks for throwing down with us
Come for the free speech, stay for the memes.
I joined too.
I agree I joined because fuck the left, sick of their shit
Glad to be with you.
Won't let them pop a cap in Sancho, and slap, dat ahahaheyass. What you really need to know: Blue lives matter.
They stripped this sub bare when they quarantined us.
...And it would seem he has.
GET THIS MAN A COAT
FOR THE LOVE OF GOD GET THIS PATRIOT A BRICK! THAT'S 146108 BRICKS HANDED OUT!

We are at 20.5791221632628073305486464% of our goal to BUILD THE WALL starting from Imperial Beach, CA to Brownsville, Texas! Let's make sure everyone gets a brick in the United States! For every Centipede a brick, for every brick a Centipede!

At this rate, the wall will be 1606.60998275801025079224496 MILES WIDE and 428.175925654838233107647676 FEET HIGH by tomorrow! DO YOUR PART!
[removed]
1st Amendment for life.
The 2 things that have never let me down, the 1st Ammendment, and boobs.
Always a worthy cause.
Same here brother
21st century. communist cunts vs capitalist heroes
[removed]
We argue amongst ourselves all the time! It's what rational people do!

"If everyone is thinking alike then someone isn't thinking."

Other subs are echo chambers. We have a diversity of thought.
This is one of the few subs where you can disagree respectfully and not get downvoted into oblivion or get dogpiled as a racist or blah blah blah insert insult here.

The thing is, a lot of center/center-left people also oppose identity politics. And we should be courting those people. Tim Pool frequently brings up a chart that displays the political leanings of Trump supporters and it's center left all the way over to staunchly right. He also brings up how the SJW types make up 8% of the Democratic party, they're just the vocal minority.

The problem is, the leadership of every major institution is either a part of this minority, or they're scared of them; I'm not sure how this can fixed outside of burning down the institutions (metaphorically) and building new ones.
I get almost all of my news here now.

Spez: except maybe the weather. We really need a t_d weather app or something
Also a lot of us worldwide allies who may not think of Trump or America as the greatest, but still find the fight over free speech on internet more important than any differences.
Now you know why it was banned from all ;)
If you are subscribed to mostly smaller or specific communities, the reason your feed is flooded with donald posts now is because this sub is so high energy. Literally. Reddit didn't censor the energy coming from this sub to subscribers, only outsiders. You will have to be subscribed to a lot of larger communities before the donald begins to get watered down in the feed if you subscribe here.
Thank you and welcome!
I HONK IN THEIR GENERAL DIRECTION.
<3 Preach, my friend <3
It's the only place on reddit where people say "Source?" because they're genuinely interested to read it for themselves.
FOR THE LOVE OF GOD GET THIS PATRIOT A COAT! THATS 205,501 COATS HANDED OUT!

We are 68.8% of our goal to coat the 298,695 great people of Anchorage, Alaska. Let's make sure everyone gets a coat in the United States! For every Centipede a coat, for every coat a Centipede
Got you, pede

FOR THE LOVE OF GOD GET THIS PATRIOT A COAT! THATS 205,498 COATS HANDED OUT!
We are 89.9% of our goal to coat the 228,590 great people of Baton Rouge, Louisiana. Let's make sure everyone gets a coat in the United States! For every Centipede a coat, for every coat a Centipede!
FOR THE LOVE OF GOD GET THIS PATRIOT A BRICK! THAT'S 146108 BRICKS HANDED OUT!

We are at 20.5791221632628073305486464% of our goal to BUILD THE WALL starting from Imperial Beach, CA to Brownsville, Texas! Let's make sure everyone gets a brick in the United States! For every Centipede a brick, for every brick a Centipede!

At this rate, the wall will be 1606.60998275801025079224496 MILES WIDE and 428.175925654838233107647676 FEET HIGH by tomorrow! DO YOUR PART!

*wrong bot I know it's the one I have copied
I wear the mark proudly.
Really?! But, but they’re not fascists or anything...
He is Sancho
FOR THE LOVE OF GOD GET THIS PATRIOT A COAT! THATS 205,502 COATS HANDED OUT!

We are 68.8% of our goal to coat the 298,695 great people of Anchorage, Alaska. Let's make sure everyone gets a coat in the United States! For every Centipede a coat, for every coat a Centipede
Nah, just a reference to a childhood game that me and my friends played. I was Uncle Sancho.
They could have literally said anything else... this may be the most police friendly sub. Watvh out for gaslighting!
Yes it is
FOR THE LOVE OF GOD GET THIS PATRIOT A COAT! THATS 205,501 COATS HANDED OUT!

We are 68.8% of our goal to coat the 298,695 great people of Anchorage, Alaska. Let's make sure everyone gets a coat in the United States! For every Centipede a coat, for every coat a Centipede)!
FOR THE LOVE OF GOD GET THIS PATRIOT A COAT! 

THATS 205,000ish COATS HANDED OUT!

We are 30.24% of our goal to coat the 677,??? great people of Detroit, Michigan. Let's make sure everyone gets a coat in the United States! For every Centipede a coat, for every coat a Centipede! This bot was created by devious1087, feedback always welcome
FOR THE LOVE OF GOD GET THIS PATRIOT A BRICK! THAT'S 146109 BRICKS HANDED OUT!

We are at 20.5791221632628073305486464% of our goal to BUILD THE WALL starting from Imperial Beach, CA to Brownsville, Texas! Let's make sure everyone gets a brick in the United States! For every Centipede a brick, for every brick a Centipede!

At this rate, the wall will be 1606.60998275801025079224496 MILES WIDE and 428.175925654838233107647676 FEET HIGH by tomorrow! DO YOUR PART! 

brick bot is feeling under the weather, so brick distribution will be performed on a volunteer basis
WE JUST CAN'T STOP WINNING, FOLKS! THE TRUMP TRAIN JUST GOT 10 BILLION MPH FASTER!

CURRENT SPEED: 324,809,385,117,000 MPH!

At that rate, it would take approximately 5.166 years to travel to the Andromeda Galaxy (2.5 million light-years)!
HOW DO YOU DO, FELLOW CATERPILLARS?
We're glad you're here dude.
I’d like to think new members are liked minded on some issues, but recently it seems not so much.

Again, we are here now to get now  President Donald J. Trump re elected!
completely relevant:  


 [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qMwPrdILEJ4](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qMwPrdILEJ4)
We post lots of news here, in addition to the memes and fun. But, you will learn a lot, too, because a lot of our posters are quite accomplished in a wide variety of fields.
Politics occasionaly make me anxious as well. This sub helps me relax.
what a bunch of cunts kek. this will wurk shure
That's just petty.
yes. he did.
FOR THE LOVE OF GOD GET THIS PATRIOT A BRICK! THAT'S 146108 BRICKS HANDED OUT!

We are at 20.5791221632628073305486464% of our goal to BUILD THE WALL starting from Imperial Beach, CA to Brownsville, Texas! Let's make sure everyone gets a brick in the United States! For every Centipede a brick, for every brick a Centipede!

At this rate, the wall will be 1606.60998275801025079224496 MILES WIDE and 428.175925654838233107647676 FEET HIGH by tomorrow! DO YOUR PART!
Haha, beautiful.
😘
\*Airhorn!\* Welcome Aboard Patriot!
Oh no, are you under the impression that Russia is currently under a communist regime?
It's always wild to see the level of delusion and try to imagine seeing someone spout probably false things. I used to be blind to the MSM lies and dem talking points, but I was redpilled, I'll pray for you to see the light.
Working with Russia...

Proof?
Presumption of innocence?

Who's the commies again?
You have to come in good faith. Being snarky or even a hint of being disingenuous will be sniffed out here faster than a horse can kick you smart again.
nothing to drive people apart more than identity politics care of critical theory educational frauds
Here is your forecast for today:

Partly Cloudy

Winds light and variable

100% chance to MAGA
Okay yeah I figured this. Thanks for clarifying
Good bot 2 :D
Good bot!
Its Wednesday my dudes.

AaaaahhhhhhHHHHHHHHH 😆
I couldn't agree more. I have learned so much since I joined this sub over two years ago. Love it here, and I think this is often a better "news source" than most any news outlet. We have eyes and ears all over the USA/world. Good information is priceless and difficult to find on "news" websites. They are too busy posting bikini shots and click bait.
good bot 😉
I've always respected the way actual leftist questions are asked and answered on ask_the_donald. The discourse there is great.
I've always come in good faith and made genuine points, only to be downvoted and kicked in the teeth regardless. People here say we are accepting of differences, but when my comments get more downvoted than anything else, it shows what the real sentiment is around here. Let's not kid ourselves and act like we're better than other subs as a whole. The good people who carry this sub are few and far between.
The air smells like freedom. Light and variable resistance. 100% chance of MAGA
I love this place ❤️
Spoken like a true pede with a USAF flair
It's a great extension of the_donald domreddit.
I think it really depends. I've certainly see both happen. It's very easy for downvotes to snowball when individuals are just using them as an 'I didagree' button rather than what they were made for. I hope you've seen the great discussion over disagreements as well.
This is true.  We need to work on this. But I do believe we have more than just a few good people.
Not without an explanation of why people think you are wrong, I hope! The downvotes are fine, if people saw your post and maybe even someone now thinks slightly different because of it, that's a win to me.
Almost 1 in 3 are real? That's way too high. That has to be including inconclusive/unproven as legitimate.
Full Article from WSJ:



Hate Crime Hoaxes  Are More Common Than You Think 

A political scientist found that fewer than 1 in 3 of 346 such allegations was genuine.

￼

By 

Jason L. Riley

June 25, 2019 6:55 pm ET



￼

￼

￼

Opinion: Chicago Police Release Jussie Smollett Video

Chicago PD has released hours of unseen footage related to the alleged staged attack on "Empire" actor Jussie Smollett on Jan. 29, 2019. Image: AP

When I asked Wilfred Reilly about last week’s appointment of a special prosecutor in Chicago to take up the Jussie Smollett case, he was cautiously optimistic. Mr. Reilly is author of a new book, “Hate Crime Hoax,” in which he details how the initial publicity for supposed hate crimes tends all but to disappear if the allegations are exposed as fake.

So does the sustained press coverage of Mr. Smollett—the television actor who was accused of staging an attack on himself back in January, only to have all 16 felony counts against him abruptly dropped for reasons that prosecutors have never made clear—represent progress of sorts?

“It’s the archetype of a hate crime hoax. It’s one of the most flamboyant examples of the genre,” said Mr. Reilly, himself a Second City native. An openly gay black man residing in one of the country’s most liberal and diverse metropolises is set upon by two white Donald Trump supporters who brandish bleach and a noose while shouting racial and antigay slurs? “It was a situation so extreme and bizarre that I think we would have had to look at how much racial progress the U.S. had actually made had it really occurred.” The appointment of a special prosecutor, and the possibility of bringing new charges against Mr. Smollett, is a good sign, Mr. Reilly added, “but will we see the same amount of coverage when the hoax involves a less famous person?”

Mr. Reilly is a professor of political science at Kentucky State University, and his interest in hate crimes dates to his graduate-school days, when he became aware of several widely reported incidents in the vicinity of his hometown that turned out to be fake. In 2012 a popular gay bar in suburban Chicago was destroyed by fire, and the owner cited homophobia as the reason. The same year, black students at the University of Wisconsin-Parkside reported death threats from hate groups and found a noose hanging from a dorm room door. Ultimately, the owner of the bar pleaded guilty to arson and insurance fraud. And a black student at the university fessed up to sending racist threats and planting a noose.

More incidents followed, and Mr. Reilly’s skepticism grew. “This phenomenon of fake hate crimes did not appear to be small-scale or regionally based,” he writes. A gay pastor in Texas accused a Whole Foods store of selling him a cake with a slur written in icing. The store produced video evidence that the pastor was lying. A white woman in Oregon disfigured her own face with acid and claimed a black man had attacked her. Later, she admitted fabricating the entire story. After signs that read “blacks only” and “whites only” were found at bathroom entrances on the University at Buffalo campus in upstate New York, a black graduate student confessed to posting them.

Mr. Reilly eventually compiled a database of 346 hate-crime allegations and determined that less than a third were genuine. Turning his attention to the hoaxes, he put together a data set of more than 400 confirmed cases of fake allegations that were reported to authorities between 2010 and 2017. He allows that the exact number of false reports is probably unknowable, but what can be said “with absolute confidence is that the actual number of hate crime hoaxes is indisputably large,” he writes. “We are not speaking here of just a few bad apples.”

The author’s bigger concern, and rightly so, is the growing politicization of hate crimes, especially when they are directed at underrepresented groups and regardless of whether they in fact happened. The sad reality is that there is no shortage of individuals and entities with a vested interest in exaggerating racial tensions in the U.S.—from civil-rights organizations to corporate diversity officers to professors of race and gender studies.

These alleged incidents are invariably seized upon by politicians and activists looking to feed a sacrosanct belief among liberals that discrimination and oppression are the main drivers of inequality. “In the mainstream media we hear almost constant talk about scary new forms of racism: ‘white privilege,’ ‘cultural appropriation,’ and ‘subtle bigotry,’ ” Mr. Reilly writes, yet “a huge percentage of the horrific hate crimes cited as evidence of contemporary bigotry are fakes.”

If “Hate Crime Hoax” merely offered examples to illustrate the extent of this phenomenon—and the book offers nearly 100—it would be providing a much-needed public service. But Mr. Reilly has a larger point to make. The Smollett case isn’t an outlier. Increasingly, it’s the norm. And the media’s relative lack of interest in exposing hoaxes that don’t involve famous figures is a big part of the problem.

Appeared in the June 26, 2019, print edition.
It's almost like the demand for hate crimes greatly outweighs the supply...
Is anybody surprised by this?
It's almost as if politically convenient false flags are regularly planted that only benefit one side of the political spectrum. Imagine that.
link?
So this means that 2/3 or more of all "hate crimes" are fake
Oh snap! Just think about all the rape hoaxes.
Can't believe the majority of reported hate crimes are hoaxes in beautiful MAGA country. 

Just kidding, of course I can believe it when the entire leftist identity revolves around victimhood and those who don't have enough Oppression Points are told to be quiet and "stay in their lane".
What a sad and sick state of affairs that we live in.

Real hate crimes are absolutely horrifying and should rightfully be condemned.


Hate crime hoaxes undermine the credibility of real racism while simultaneously permanently damaging race relations. It's a sick practice that should be heavily punished if it is proven to be a hoax.

People also cite statistics of 'report hate crimes' are up to prove the rise of racism, it's wrong in so many ways!
Now let's study false rape allegations.

Anecdotally I know of several in real life that were proven to be false due to alibi.

I also know of some cases of rape.

It would be interesting to study.
Wait til they find out the "study" threw out cases that were obviously false to begin with.
"Hate" crime is a bullshit moniker. If it's a crime, it's a crime. If it's not, it's not.
Imagine my shock
1 in 3? More like 1 in 10 at best and even then it's as likely to be a big liberal like Mark Wahlberg.
r / hatecrimehoaxes
I wonder how many love crimes there are.
Golly gee, ya think?

What have all the leftists in education and media been doing the last 30 or 40 yrs? Indoctrinating a generation of nazis? If they've been so effective why this supposed dramatic rise in hate. Simple, it's manufactured by only one side to gain control over everyone and everything
And only 25% of hatecrimes are commited by Whites, yet we’re the problem.
Just wow.  Everyone is getting red pilled.   Identity politics are on their last legs.
Oh don't be absurd.  The bar for "hate crime" is stupidly low.  People will use violence to attack someone and then during the confrontation use a slur, BOOM hate crime.  Was race what motivated it?  Probably not but that's enough for it to be considered it.  I trust the analysis the WSJ has more standards than the NYT.
was going to say the same thing - 1/3 is generous
> Almost 1 in 3 are real?

Fewer
gods work, I fuckin hate paywalls.
So new manufacturers enter the market. The invisible hand never sleeps!
Sadly, no. And things will probably only get worse. Leftists won't quit until all the good people are in jail for hate crimes.
You know, that reminds me of DOMreddit being quarantined

(This comment is not a violent comment suggesting or promoting self-harm or other forms of violence, and in fact, looks upon such ideas as shameful)
Oh like when you need to gain sympathy to pass an anti lynching bill because you have no legislative accomplishments? Paging Spartacuck and whoremala
[WSJ subscription usually required](https://www.wsj.com/articles/hate-crime-hoaxes-are-more-common-than-you-think-11561503352?emailToken=495d4b463ee0dad3d7b059f44ab1df93Aoc/1dZWGg+MfI30Xo1q4AUmskn1wXuTBltgFKnvYvgRRkJndFfwwQIY7FPTf+M/GHd86PptHPu5+5FTqNIJhwpgGiLCiMH+LHbrCGeloB4%3D&reflink=article_copyURL_share)
I've been told rape hoaxes are just as common as regular crime hoaxes, so not common. But I seriously doubt that.

(This comment is not a violent comment suggesting or promoting self-harm or other forms of violence, and in fact, looks upon such ideas as shameful)
I don't think it's a good idea to 'trust' any media outlet on any highly-political issue without some level of verification, but that's just me.
I wonder what types of hate crimes the researcher studied.

(This comment is not a violent comment suggesting or promoting self-harm or other forms of violence, and in fact, looks upon such ideas as shameful)
"Want to read important information that might change your views on things? Gotta pay that fee fam."
And all their opposition is out of site, out of mind, exiled. ^quarantine

(This comment is not a violent comment suggesting or promoting self-harm or other forms of violence, and in fact, looks upon such ideas as shameful)
Thx anyway.
gotta make a buck, which I get, but the amount of opinion pieces vs actual reports of facts have gone through the roof. I would be so embarrassed to be a reporter nowadays. All these websites seem like they hired the bloggers from the early 2000s to work for them dirt cheap, and the only way to get clicks and cash is for outrage which ends up being bullshit. Sad.
“We are lying sacks of shit - give us your money.”  Uh, no.
You could say that about anything with enough snark.

> Psh, I have to pay you to *eat*?!?  Fuck you burger man!  I want it free!

Most here deride the idea that health care is a human right, but here you are acting like this guys career work is your right to have for free.  It's not.  Although you could make that case for the Poli Sci guy from KSU since it's a state university.  The good folks of Kentucky pay his salary and all.
To be fair, it costs money to run a news paper.  They are therefore entitled to charge money in order to obtain access.
Yeah I understand everyone has to make money somehow, but it feels iffy when a news company has to hide some of their content behind a paywall even if one of their articles is just an opinion piece. 

&#x200B;

It's not like the WSJ is talking about something insignificant like an athletes advance stats in a certain sport, they're talking about serious issues in the country and it shouldn't be hidden from people who don't want to pay a couple of bucks for a 3 minute read article.
But news propaganda is very different than a burger or health care.  You need a burger and health care.  They need you to read their news propaganda.  Expecting you to pay for it is absurd and that’s why they’re struggling.  Only a fool pays to read new propaganda that will be free when they refuse to pay.
We need to get him aware of this before T_D is given the boot completely.
Donald Trump Jr would be awesome, but this would be the absolute PERFECT time for another AMA from POTUS. Can you imagine the optics of reddit quarantining the POTUS?
Great idea!
Yes, please!
Come on Jr.! Put these fascists in their place!
##**JUNIOR IS BASED AF**
This really needs to happen. This will mean that Trump is actively paying attention and puts Reddit in a very big legal mess if they want to try and get rid of us for good.
Please go for it Don Jr! Save free speech! Stop censorship!
Make it so!
OMG That would be epic...
TOP KEK!!!!!!

That would be EPIC
This is a *better* time than ever for a DJT Jr AMA.
YA!!!! BABY YA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
He is among us. 🇺🇸
D J T J R A M A in all seriousness we need either a DJT JR AMA or a DJT SR tweet for the media to drool over and just help us
I support the idea. Make the_donald a place where people can interact with government. Then like Twitter it will become a public service and haed to ban.
Get the president to do an AMA on here. Then reddit are legally unable to censor us as it would censor a presidential record.

Then we get to watch people who spent months freaking out that Trump blocked them on twitter somehow try to simultaneously support directly censoring the president's comments.
terrible idea. They are going to look at the ip address associated with his burner account to find his other reddit account
He’s retweeted about it, he knows
I know, wish we could get GEOTUS too!  An AMA will spotlight the DOM, elevate our visibility and bring more traffic (more subs)
Even better.
Drop a MOAB on Reddit!

##Some brave patriot has called in a **MOAB** strike! Vice President Mike ***'The Silver Fox'*** Pence has heard your request and has deployed the MOAB! That's **53,762,400** pounds of **FREEDOM** dropped so far! Thanks to the efforts of supporters like you, ISIS is now ***WASWAS***!
Do it!
Brad! Where's Parscale? Back 2 Back, 2 scoops, 2 genders, 2 terms
#2 AMAs!
The whole family is tbh
Good, POTUS better do something or soon we'll be purged from the net and out of the digital public square. No one left to combat the deep state's lies and misinformation.
DJTjr is definitely among us
The Holy Trinity: Trump, POTUS and GEOTUS.
Thank you for doing that. 

I miss our (Russian!!!!!!1111!!!1!!1!) bots.
Good tactical bot.
> digital public square

This term should be used as much as possible to put into context what these tech companies are doing for all the people who don't follow this stuff closely out there. 

The idea of fanning a sub or a Youtube channel is a little esoteric for quite a few people to grasp so they just defer to what's told to them by the media (e.g. "sub calls for violence against police officers"), but most people understand what a public square is and why censoring someone from there is a terrible idea.
This is getting ugly.
Trump should do a national address and play the video in the background.
Guaranteed Google is telling these sites they will mess up their ranking if the videos aren't pulled.
Vimeo is a subsidiary of IAC, who also owns The Daily Beast. This should not be surprising.

https://www.iac.com/brands
Seriously??? Where can I see this video, it’s becoming impossible to find with all this censorship.
Imagine how much of a cuck you gotta be to follow YouTube’s lead as their competition and not seize the opportunity to gain more users.
Censorship is the new credo in the West
I'm surprised vimeo would do this, do they not want to take away viewers from YouTube?
Oh yea, this isn't a coordinated effort
Find a way to download the video onto your hard-drive. Quickly.
Stalin would be jealous of the democrats
Imagine At&t giving you a list of things you can talk about on your phone. They are a private business are they not?
https://www.bitchute.com/video/re9Xp6cdkro/
Yeah, exposing a massive tech company's bias is "defamatory". >\_>
This is a coup.
Source: [https://twitter.com/JamesOKeefeIII/status/1143995655159001089](https://twitter.com/JamesOKeefeIII/status/1143995655159001089)
Social Justice Tech will censor whistleblowers and wrong thinkers and employees that make public oopses by conflating their roles as employees carrying out company policy with that of a private citizen, which makes their 'outing' conflatable with doxxing and provides a nefarious loophole through which tech giants can erase stories, memory hole unflattering incidents and deplatform any support under the guise of 'privacy protection'.
This is a coordinated attack
The irony being that there’s no commentary. It’s just her words. So are they saying she is being hateful, defamatory and discriminatory?
Hate speech = verboten
This is literally starting to look like the end of free speech. Can you imagine if Bernie Sanders was just not allowed to speak at all because he's a socialist? That seems much more reasonable than banning all Project Veritas videos, but I would still never support it.
sillycuck valley circling the wagons
Tech Cartel
Vimeo...delete!
You know you can change the ID of a video by recording with something like your phone and reupload it.
Bitchute
Have you ever seen the crap on Vimeo?  I guess their sexually suggestive stuff is given a pass, even though little kids can wander around there easily enough, eh?
Chelsea Clinton pushed this for Vimeo. FWIW  on board.
Keep uploading it a million more times.
>They're trying to erase us from the internet.


Join the club.
Vimeo is shit. They were only useful for copyrighted videos and that was years ago. They'll be dead within a year
Brighteon.com is a censorship resistant video platform.
__The Democrat Thought Police strike again!__
fuck vimeo. i use them and have for years. FUCK THEM
d.tube

What I find interesting is that vimeo is actually a competitor of google and should put the video on massive rotation for moving youtube-users to vimeo. INSTEAD, THEY HELP SUPPRESSING IT. My simplest explanation is that the globohomo is paying them off.
Trump never loses. This is going to be bad for leftist media. They poked the bear.
Go here and watch the video:

[https://youtu.be/-xywh-yyEPw](https://youtu.be/-xywh-yyEPw)
I guess Vimeo doesn't want to compete with Google. Losers.
Well, scratch Vimeo off the list as a YT alternative. Bitchute FTW!
WTF is even happening right now
It’s not defamation if it’s true
It's still up on bitchute though, right?
For christ’s sake. This should be all over the news
Spreading True Truth is now illegal!  Honk!
I only believe there's censorship if The_Donald gets quarantined.

Oh, wait...
Vimeo has always been a libtard site.

But it had been a treasure trove of 'refugee' content from Youtube, for example music videos and full movies and nsfw stuff. Censorship is less strict on Vimeo, because probably not a lot of people use it.

This has been coordinated for 2020, that gaywonk homo could be the culprit, or someone else behind the scenes.
Someone should also check up on Jen Gennai, find out about her background, how and when she came to get that job at Google.

Might dig up some interesting stuff.
Holy shit, even Vimeo?


Ya, and what's the Trump team doing?
This shit is downright Soviet.
Joke's on them, I already downloaded the video
Well It’s time to give BitChute a chance then.
At this point it’s just blatant fucking censorship, imagine the outrage if this started happening to the left instead!

Edit: where can we watch the videos now?
It discriminated against Google's bias.
This is truly Orwellian
Vimeo is run by a bunch of weenies and it’s why they can’t compete with YouTube. They remove anything they remotely think could be offensive or get a copyright claim on it. I tried to use it once and it was a pain in the ass. Fuck Vimeo.
Nope. Not going to fucking happen, they're over playing their hand here, they do not have the amount of control that they believe they do. We will not go quietly into the night.
Just build your own internet lmao
If it bleeds, we can kill it

This leed bleeds!
If nothimg else, we are getting a rare teal time lesson about who runs the media, Inc social media.

They aren't all Jewish. But they all hate POTUS. What's with that?
Lol didn't they say it.
Vimeo - [https://i.imgur.com/OuN1t6I.jpg](https://i.imgur.com/OuN1t6I.jpg)
You're the next Julian Assange
Post mirrors on all boards

https://www.bitchute.com/video/PsYZ7B0ClLUm/
And more importantly, erase that truth about Google. Down the memory hole it goes... Never happened.
The 2020 Election has officially kicked off. They aren't leaving anything to chance this time, especially with the shit field of candidates the dems are posting.
So is there anywhere this video can still be viewed??
This feels like we're the Jews in the Warsaw ghetto fighting against the SS. It feels good to stand your ground but we're still losing, one house at a time.
Trump will fix this. It sucks but he’s allowing it to happen so that we rally because of it. It’s smart.
Holy shit
Member when YouTube had pedo vids on it? Pepe farms remembers.
GAB is going to be amazing. It's going to hit this corporate commie mashup like an A Bomb.
Gimme a link. I’ll put that on every bucket service know to man.
I don't get it. I've been lurking the\_donald for over 6 years and i've yet to see the horrible things they keep flagging. I've seen far worse in /Politics and /PolicalHumour. There will be a massive gaping hole in their lives, whether they realise it, or not. We know they get outrages over trivial shit, who else is going to feel it now? No doubt they will turn on each other like petulent children.
I've been looking for a good excuse to cancel my Vimeo account.  Thanks, again Project Veritas
WHAT IF... someone out there could protest in front of Vimeo headquarters with a big flat screen TV that continuously looped the Project Veritas video?

&#x200B;

Just an idea..... :D
It is quite clear this is a heavily and deliberately closely-coordinated de-platforming campaign, timed to tie in with the beginning of the primary campaign, directed by leftist social media against what the leftists characterize as right-wing (but I would beg to differ and characterize them as "centrist,"  "neutral," or "normie") information sources such as Project Veritas, Crowder, Dave Rubin, T\_D...wait, did I say Dave Rubin?  I swear to god I've seen a few of his videos and I always assumed he was a liberal--just not a stark raving loony liberal.
I just deleted my Vimeo account. YouTube account is next.
STOP THE CENSORSHIP OF THE RIGHT.
Who owns Vimeo?
Vimeo sucks.  They were one of the first to jump on the deplatforming bandwagon against Alex Jones.

I deleted my account with them that same day.
The company that owns Vimeo also owns: CollegeHumor, DailyBurn, IAC Films

HAHAHAHA holy shit. IAC (owner of Vimeo) also owns BlackPeopleMeet.com. Racist as fuck. I'm sure everyone would be just fine with "WhitePeopleMeet.com", lol
Theres no way Trump doesnt know. I feel his energy but so does Google. In order to kill the beast we must not frighten it.
Google vs. The American People
make your own, host yourself! take all the media into our own hands (and servers).
We need POTUS to step up big league over this.  We are in the storm of censorship.
Post it on the White House website.
Yeah this makes more sense than Vimeo all of a sudden censoring political videos..
Absolutely this
Fact:  all major internet properties are owned by The Democrat Thought Police.
I wonder if they might have any potential conflicts of interest.

https://www.iac.com/about/leadership/board-directors/chelsea-clinton

Hmmm....
https://www.bitchute.com/video/re9Xp6cdkro/
a rep from texas uploaded it to his government page
https://twitter.com/JamesOKeefeIII/status/1144008036941479938
I dont understand how Veritas doesn't have their own servers to just post the raw video.
Bitchute
www.projectveritas.com  

specifically: https://www.projectveritas.com/video/insider-blows-whistle-exec-reveals-google-plan-to-prevent-trump-situation-in-2020-on-hidden-cam/
https://www.projectveritas.com/video/insider-blows-whistle-exec-reveals-google-plan-to-prevent-trump-situation-in-2020-on-hidden-cam/
https://gohmert.house.gov/news/documentsingle.aspx?DocumentID=399712
Remember when YouTube almost got taken out by former Sen. Chris Dodd and the Motion Picture Association of America?  I'm sure YouTube bought some legislators and copyright holders off and they could turn them on a competitor like Vimeo in an instant.
And more importantly, why would they NOT want dirt that's clearly bad for their competition?
Some things are more important than money, like making the world into a dystopian nightmare.
I'm sure Google slipped them a pretty penny
Daily Beast TDS is too strong
https://www.projectveritas.com/video/insider-blows-whistle-exec-reveals-google-plan-to-prevent-trump-situation-in-2020-on-hidden-cam/
Its on [house.gov](https://house.gov). It can never die now
That or just proud of how far they’ve come
It's dangerous play with their CDA Section 230 protections.
This.  The cucks that don't get this are beyond stupid.
https://www.bitchute.com/video/re9Xp6cdkro/
why hasn't Twitter banned him yet?
Seriously, aren't they supposed to be competitors?
I used to like Vimeo.  Send in a complaint.  They are small enough it might matter to them
I am crusading to change the term to [Brain Police](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-gBhlqkRDDo)
Chubble is on their board
Viemo is a for-pay site, so they have (had) a financial incentive not to remove content.
BItchute
This shit isn't going to fly with Americans.

At some point you have to decide how far is too far.

I think they're going to regret all of this one day.

> vimeo sucks

Should be named "buffering.com"
I think youporn is seriously dropping the ball here. Their video player is top notch and could be used to run a porn-free video sharing site.
Hilarious joke, but you forgot the punchline.

https://www.iac.com/about/leadership/board-directors/chelsea-clinton

I'm sure it's just a coincidence.
You don't have to be lonely, on Farmers Only.com.
Funny thing.  When at tedious company functions and crap with inane conversations, when asked, my wife and I say we met on "blackpeoplemeet dot com".

We have been married at least 10 years longer than that site existed.  And we are very white.

People just kind of nod and say "that's so cool" and proceed to chat about golf.
> Theres no way Trump doesnt know.

Probably why he's isn't tweeting on the Dem debates. Dealing with this coordinated attack on our free speech is more important.
Fear makes people do stupid things, I'm okay with Google being scared they should be.
Is there any way to get Trump to tweet or put out a video of the Project Veritas Google leak? That would turn enough heads to secure 2020 and more
He's too busy talking about soccer.
Use the presidential emergency alert system.
Considering how Vimeo is a great place if you want to find copyrighted material, yea probably.
Vimeo just as likely could have done it on their own.
Can we call them the Brain Police so we can play [Frank Zappa?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-gBhlqkRDDo)
Who is this patriot?
Like this:  https://www.projectveritas.com/video/insider-blows-whistle-exec-reveals-google-plan-to-prevent-trump-situation-in-2020-on-hidden-cam/
They do, go to their website and you can view the videos there.
Because servers are expensive and people share them pretty frequently. They are not hard to find if you look.
To be fair they're doing that to get even more money
Starting to sound like a monopoly. 

Maybe they do need to be broken up.
I can't even find the whole debate on youtube. They really have this clown show locked down.
Lol
Wow... good find.  This shit is insane!
🎶 You don't have to do nuffin'  
At BlackPeopleMeet.com 🎶
Haha, I'd fucking laugh my ass off if I met you and you said that.

People are so weird. I think they're all on so many pharma drugs that they are hardly awake anymore.
He thought it was boring. A waste of his time. Time for another Diet Coke and chilling in a suit at 12am
This was the loser B-team dem debate. None of these people have a chance to win the primary, they aren't even worth his time. The real dem debate is tomorrow. They also aren't worth his time but he might do some shitposting for the hell of it lol.
also, he's on his way to osaka.
It's absolutely critical to pretend the Dem debates aren't even happening, they want coverage good or bad.
https://gohmert.house.gov/news/documentsingle.aspx?DocumentID=399712

Yes 👏 they 👏 should
He set up a website to collect stories about big tech censoring conservatives. He comments on it frequently, as well.

His son has already retweeted about T_D so the word is definitely spreading. The problem is this requires legal action to stop them and we all know how much of a double standard exists in this country
Never interrupt your enemy when he is making a mistake.

WTF i love you now
Well there it is.
But Muh economy points! Every business will run away from america if we break up big tech!! /s
Fixed, "I swear osifer I don't du nuffin' at blackpeoplemeet. Com"
Gorilla Channels running a horambe-athon
Pinkos love Warren, on par with Bernie. don't underestimate her base.
Can't wait for the Democratic front runner Andrew yang to emerge victorious in tomorrows debate
That too, I guess. <smirk>
While T_D getting quarantined is obviously an act of Reddit admins overstepping their bounds, I feel like Google completely censoring and removing Project Veritas’ leak exposing their intentions to meddle with elections would also be a significant win.

It will wake more people up to the reality that their omniscient, all-purpose search engine is tailored to directly influence our politics and elections.
Yo look at this please then reply https://imgur.com/gallery/RM6TrU1
Fact.
That happens to me all the time when i try to upvote posts and comments, and not just on this sub.
Never seen it before and have been a redditor for 3yrs-not saying your experience didn’t happen- but I was personally shocked to see it happen, especially tonight.
It's been logging me out lately too.
I was going to skip the debates tonight.  I'll be meme-making as I watch now
Just joined about 20min ago. Damn proud of it too.
If you strike me down, I shall become more powerful...
They gave us free advertising. Too funny
Just saw us on OANN. We're famous pedes...
Can confirm. Cucks are especially spastic right now, they smell blood but it's their own and don't know it.
Most of those being delayed coming in is mobile phones. A lot maybe dont realize, all they have to do is log in on PC and their mobile starts working again.
what is the effect of the quarantine?  I mean we don't show up anywhere else in reddit anyway.
I signed up here several hours ago. Around then it was 755,493 subscribers. Now at 758,550. More than 3,000 in a few hours.
Our friends over in the left leaning subs are all packed in like it's Hillary's 2016 Presidential Election Victory Party, all over again.
We need a "I survived the quarantine of 2019" flare or something.
TRUMP TRAIN FULL SPEED AHEAD CHOOCHOOOOOO
4K new subs in about as many hours. Join us, fellow free speech defenders!
In addition, the_donald posts are stamped with a beautiful yellow quarantine tag which immediately draws my eyes! It is like a big beautiful shining yellow beacon screaming out, “READ ME”. It is now easier than ever to pick out the_donald posts from my main feed.
They can only think how *they* would react. They’re not strategic. All emotion; no brains, no balls. They can’t imagine another way to react except to scream at the sky or cry. Their next step with be to begin shutting down individual users who post to these subs. Then we’ll all simply use VPN. They can’t win.
Got here just now and I must say, this sub is fu*king amazing #JOINED
You poked the bear reddit..you poked the fucking bear..
The only way it could backfire is if we can take legal action against them. Otherwise they can just shut us down and that will be the end of it
Hell yeah.  

Even people who don't agree with our politics can appreciate the insanity of all this censorship.
Ladies and gentlemen, prepare to meme!
I was reading a thread about people joining because they saw we were censored the count was at 759,212 by the time I was done reading the comments it was at 758,972 and now it's at 760,007
Is there a way to see the subscriber count? I don't see it anywhere, since this shit started around 12 est.
I'm here for the long haul, baby!
"If you strike me down, I shall become more powerful than you can possibly imagine."

\-- Obi-Wan Pepe-nobi
The Trump Train can't be contained!
And the democratic debates are a joke.
Strike me down and I'll become even more powerful than you can even imagine.
This is quickly becoming the best thing that ever happened to the_donald to me. People are swarming here looking for atrocious people and content and when they don’t find any, they join in solidarity. The energy I’m seeing is mind blowing
I rarely use reddit so I never saw the point in joining, but this whole shit show convinced me it's high time to join up. So uh. Howdy.
It's big news that we're quarantined but the new visitors aren't seeing what's so good about the sub - the birth of memes and articles they wouldn't normally see! Let's not make all the articles about us on the front page. Call me concern trolling but I all I see on the front page is the same topic. The freaking Dem debates are going on right now and there's nothing funny on our page!!
We are hitting up the rest of Reddit with discussion, making the shitbirds uncomfortable.
I love this community. I normally just lurk but this nonsense pushed me to start commenting. I'm glad the subreddit is growing!
They can't imagine because they are idiots. And they are reading this right now like "nuh uh you are".
Love it
Sure but why is it so hard to find out where I'll be able to stream the Dem debates tonight.
Will this sub ever be un-quarantined?  Does that ever happen?  Or is this how it will be from now on?
Are all pro exclusionary tactics Reddit admins satanist pedophiles?
Convenient how they hid our stat tracker. I hope T_D has a plan B if worse comes to worst. There's nobody else to fight and win the second meme war.
The admins probably knew. Someone higher ordered them to pull the trigger anyway. Desperate.
Lefties celebrating their victory but the fun is just getting started, lol!

Edit - Gotta watch in full screen with sound on 🤣

https://youtu.be/Dc0PfcrCoiU
😂 this makes my heart happy
NO BRAKES
For all of the censorship they are doing, we need to be printing fliers with facts and where to verify facts. Wee need to do the footwork and get these out. We need our own social media so that when people’s eyes are open, they have somewhere to come with no threat of someone tattling on the or being doxxed. Etc. I’m up to work on anything
*insert flashback to trump train after deplorable comment*
They'll just full-out ban the sub. They will win, they run the site after all.

I've been asking around for years about a back up as we knew this would happen.
👌
Trump2020!!
I believe this too
The sub counter will still say something like 750k

It's in the millions easy
Lets hope it backfires and we get that shitty law revoked so we can finally hold tech companies to account on their censorship while pretending to say they are "platforms".
#Reddit cuck admins. Y all done fucked up.
Plenty of seats on this train!
I'm just astonished.

Imo, this is one of the biggest mistakes this site has ever made, and I'm a moderate at best.
Help. I can’t find T_D using the reddit app.
Next step they will shut down the sub, then what?
How does using their product "backfire on them"?

Exodus to Voat. Leave a crater.
Backfiring? Reddit is getting more views and traffic then ever. How is it backfiring?
Some of the users are probably people just here to watch the shitshow, not actual Trump supporters
It’s not new members. Its the former lurkers who weren’t signed in, who are now unable to view the sub under the quarantine without creating an account. Those who are censoring us are not idiots. There is no “reverse psychology 4D chess” - we are simply losing to the left’s censorship for years now.
You, me and forty-thousand meme warriors
Maga-Streisand
Glad to hear it! Get yourself comfy. This is just the very beginning of one of the most *wild* rides leading up to election night in 2020!
This guy supports free speech.
Welcome to the_donald.  Enjoy the free speech while it lasts.
Welcome aboard!
Welcome friend.
Welcome Patriot!
Get this patriot a coat!!!
get this man a coat and a brick
The subreddit drama post has nearly 50k upvotes and TopMindsofReddit post has 30k upvotes.  Talk about free advertisement.
The_Donald pedes are not easily startled, and they will soon be back, and in greater numbers...
So true and I will come back and bring 20 of my friends 😂
Quarantine seems to be backfiring already. topkek on their attempt though.
Top Minds
I love oann
Or even on their mobile browser, that's how I joined.
Took me a few hours to figure that out, wasnt any kind of info so had to try to find it myself, wish there was a place to post to inform others but it will get taken down I'm sure
Yep, this was me. Checking on ipad and kept getting 403 errors. Went to /r/all and saw what was going on and ducked into halfchan and fullchan. Then decided to logon via pc and noticed you can just click through the dumb quarantine screen and was ok on mobile devices again.
Just tried it an it works. My entire mobile app feed is now T_D once more!
Every newcomer that comes to The_Donald sees a splash screen warning them that this community is quarantined for calling for violence (we didn't) and do they really wish to proceed.

It's meant to scare newcomers away from the 24/7 pro-Trump rally that is The_Donald. It ain't workin'.
it's the step before the ban
It makes it almost impossible to view the_donald on most mobile apps.
It also cuts off API access to the sub (DOM), so that now a ton of third-party applications, like mobile apps, cannot access.
Can't access the sub from mobile till you've agreed to the quarantine notice on a desktop or non-mobile browser.
My app, latest version, keeps flashing a warning screen that I have to constantly click a continue button.
Topics won't show up in a subscsriber's main feed until they click ok on the quarantine.  It's a quiet little suppression tactic, hoping that people just forget or don't go directly to the sub.

I only found out by accident wanting to look for a post I saw earlier.
Eh...  I have no idea of more than a couple of other subs that Inrarely look at.
That would be a sweet badge.
WE JUST CAN'T STOP WINNING, FOLKS! THE TRUMP TRAIN JUST GOT 10 BILLION MPH FASTER!

CURRENT SPEED: 324,809,385,117,000 MPH!

At that rate, it would take approximately 5.166 years to travel to the Andromeda Galaxy (2.5 million light-years)!
The Nazis also had pieces of flair that they made the Jews wear.
Is it yellow, or is it gold-plated?
T_D Is my main feed! Other subs are just too low energy.
And he's hungry!
there's no legal action to take against an internet forum they can do whatever they want with it.
[removed]
https://imgur.com/gallery/MEBlv1J
Here is what it reads.

757,998 readers

36,175 users here now

This sub is one of the most popular on reddit.
It shows up on desktop. 757,902 subs atm.
Same. It's beginning to feel a lot like 2016 all over again....
OH and before I forget.

(The comment above is not a violent comment suggesting or promoting self-harm or other forms of violence, and in fact, looks upon such ideas as shameful)
Welcome to the club! It's a non-stop 24/7 Trump rally, which is why we're loved by many and despised by a select few. Make yourself comfy. 2020 is going to be one wild ride.
Shoe0nHead's doing a stream at 5:30pm Pacific.
There should be a post soon. Busy day here.
Check the stickied thread!
Anything's possible.
It's fine with me now. The only difference I see is no bots.
No. A quarantined sub has never been un-quarantined.
WE JUST CAN'T STOP WINNING, FOLKS! THE TRUMP TRAIN JUST GOT 10 BILLION MPH FASTER!

CURRENT SPEED: 324,809,385,117,000 MPH!

At that rate, it would take approximately 5.166 years to travel to the Andromeda Galaxy (2.5 million light-years)!
Log into reddit on a desktop/ laptop. Then subscribe to the reddit and you can access it from mobile.
If they take away our hub, we'll be spread out to the rest of reddit
Because This Dom (the_donald) is getting more views and traffic then ever. The opposite was their intended goal.
Doesn't matter, bad publicity is better than no publicity.

The more attention that they bring to us makes us more powerful
Lurkers are always here. And, there is no shitshow.
100% here to catch out the shitshow.
I want some pedes to rep us in the crowd. Get a "Bill Clinton is a rapist" chant going.
Except for the watching Dem debates part. I already know I am voting again for Trump. I contribute to his campaign every month. What the whine about is irrelevant.
Maga-Streisand? Oh, man, I don't know what the hell that means, but it ~~doesn't sound~~sounds good.
I'm in it for the Long haul brother. I couldn't standby and watch this bs happen.
I just joined. I honestly didn't know about this sub until this controversy. MAGA
Yes sir. I've been a long time lurker of this subreddit because I was afraid of the blowback and accusations I would've received from other subreddits but IDC anymore. I support everyone's freedom of speech. This quarantine is bs.
We will win in the end. Free speech will always be.
Coat bot, I'm going to miss you the most.
FOR THE LOVE OF GOD GET THIS PATRIOT A COAT! 

THATS 205,000ish COATS HANDED OUT!

We are 30.24% of our goal to coat the 677,??? great people of Detroit, Michigan. Let's make sure everyone gets a coat in the United States! For every Centipede a coat, for every coat a Centipede! This bot was created by devious1087, feedback always welcome
I've been hitting that updoot arrow on everything. For awareness.
The people gloating over the quarantine seem more unhappy than the people quarantined.
Until you realize quarantining is just the first step towards a ban. They hold us in the palm of their hands and the could crush us at any moment, because well they own the site.
Best news channel out there.
thanks
Yes. The best way to pique the curiosity of people is to tell them to turn back, go away, if you proceed you might be disturbed or scared.  Only the brave and the strong should proceed.

It's like the Rated R bumper on HBO I saw as a kid, which only made me want to watch it that much more: "The following feature has been rated R by the Motion Picture Association of America. It is intended for mature audiences and parental discretion is advised. Home Box Office will show this feature only at night."
Yep. Just one more slice off the salami. 
The frog's water just got a lot warmer.
I've never used the app. Only web with bookmarks. Old school dinosaur but worth it.
I just go to the web page on my Samsung browser ( no Chrome used on my phone).
Got to enable it from the desktop and then it works on mobile apps, took me a while to find it out
Reddit is fun app on android working just fine!
That's odd because I only used the official reddit app since the quarantine and I still get in.
Did the Jews wear that while saying go fuck yourself? Prolly not!
You have a lack of flair, I'm only seeing 15 pieces.
Legal action that they are acting as a publisher while enjoying the protections of a platform
Lol stay butthurt.
is this the boxxy chick meme girl?
Eh, there’s bad publicity, and then there’s BAD publicity.

This is probably the former, but I don’t think that statement holds true in all cases.
Most of us will be in the live-streams lurking. Doesn’t mean we couldn’t try
**BILL**
Reference to an old south park: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mecha-Streisand
Thank you!
Censorship is unamerican. Welcome aboard
DicksOutForHarambe.jpeg
If we don't win, we will have to whisper about free speech to our offspring like the Europeans do now.
Is coat bot dead? Those fucking monsters...
Updooted for showing me that I'm not the only one that says updoot any more. lol
that's the thing.. they're always unhappy.
Be like water my friend
Me too.  Only use the mobile app when I'm not home.  

Laptop and Firefox for me.
Maybe because you were already subbed.
Pinned them on their pants crotch and remarked on all the ball-gazing Nazi's. Fuck going all the way to camp.
Our sub count over the past couple of hours would suggest that you are wrong
Pepayyy^yyy^yyy^yyy
**CLINTON**
That’s why we must win. I don’t want my children to fight this fight.
Cost bot, brick bot and train bot....
FOR THE LOVE OF GOD GET THIS PATRIOT A COAT! 

THATS 205,000ish COATS HANDED OUT!

We are 30.24% of our goal to coat the 677,??? great people of Detroit, Michigan. Let's make sure everyone gets a coat in the United States! For every Centipede a coat, for every coat a Centipede! This bot was created by devious1087, feedback always welcome
Uptrump because I like updoot
Water can flow or it can crash
I was already subbed and it still isn't working on my mobile app I have to go in the browser. Itll work for one use on mobile but when I get off I have to go back thru browser
I literally just said it was the former.

Although if the quarantine stays, your gains probably will slow since there aren’t people able to find you from r/all
**IS**
The 2nd amendment defends the 1st. Supporting the 1st amendment but not the 2nd is a contradictory position.
FOR THE LOVE OF GOD GET THIS PATRIOT A BRICK! THAT'S 146108 BRICKS HANDED OUT!

We are at 20.5791221632628073305486464% of our goal to BUILD THE WALL starting from Imperial Beach, CA to Brownsville, Texas! Let's make sure everyone gets a brick in the United States! For every Centipede a brick, for every brick a Centipede!

At this rate, the wall will be 1606.60998275801025079224496 MILES WIDE and 428.175925654838233107647676 FEET HIGH by tomorrow! DO YOUR PART!
WE JUST CAN'T STOP WINNING, FOLKS! THE TRUMP TRAIN JUST GOT 10 BILLION MPH FASTER!

CURRENT SPEED: 324,809,385,117,000 MPH!

At that rate, it would take approximately 5.166 years to travel to the Andromeda Galaxy (2.5 million light-years)!
I am Groot
We haven't been on r/all in years anyway.
You can pretty much replace reddit with social media and The_Donald with Conservatives and it still works.
They have to call us names (bigot, white supremacist, etc) to dehumanize us so they don't feel so bad when they tell us to die or attack us in other ways. It's the EXACT same thing as the horrible dehumanization shown in this picture. Unfortunately they don't have the self awareness to see that.
Remember kids racism is okay when the targets are correct! - democrats
Reddit is despicable.
But it's a private establishment so it's okay right lefties?
Incoming milkshakes of peace! Duck!
They had nicer hair styles back then, my generation is dyed hair face tats and half shaved heads lol
The Democratic Party hasn’t really changed from its Segregation roots. Change my mind.
The Left never changes do they.
This is so effective
Admins: "That's racist and violent. Must ban!"
Punishing a group for the actions of individuals is nothing less than bigotry. They are quite transparently bigots.
Now this is a spicy one. Good work OP!
This week rustle serious jimmies
Anyone else think the guy in the green shirt looks a lot like a young Michael J Fox in Back to the Future?
Make the black guy a pepe.
Great meme
Most excellent meme. Shadilay
Hell, photoshop a MAGA hat on the black guy and give the white dudes problem glasses/rainbow hair and that's pretty much Now.
As a Native American myself. This morning I couldn't help but think, "It's happening all over again."

They want to dehumanize people whom hold conservative values as their chosen path to a peaceful, just, FREE, future.
All I ever wanted was a place at the table and that was too much to ask for. And now, here we are.
It's justified because they are evil.
reddit: ThAtS rAcIsT, mUsT bAn
Droids are not welcome?
Same battle. Same actors. Same teams.
Eh. Treading on some murky ground on this one. Kind hard to compare TD to forced segregation of the past.
Funny how it's always the Democrats who want to lynch minorities, huh? 

(Dems formed the Confederacy, started the KKK, passed Jim Crow Laws, voted unanimously against women's suffrage, blacks voting, and civil rights. They also filibustered THE Civil Rights Act of 1963 for THREE MONTHS!)
The_Donald probably has more 'minority' users than Blackpeopletwitter
Make it dude! Don't let your memes be dreams
Same thing is true for academia as well. 

The media, tech and academia are all trying to silence conservatives as well as anyone who doesn’t buy their socialist bullshit.
Or CNN and real news. lol
Most of us are centrists , a little but of left and a bit of right. These Reddit types are less than 1% of the world.
Yup.

"Oh they're TD, they're all nazi racists there!

"How do you know? Have you ever been to T_D?"

"No... but CNN and fake news subreddits told me"

The reality is that T_D is full of moderates and ex-democrats and people who are sick of the left getting more insane with each passing day

No one stops being a Trump supporter, but MANY have started since the last election and are happy with their choice.
Underrated comment. 

The funny thing is they are actually what they accuse us to be. They are the "oppressors" in this context and are legit bigots
How can I upvote you ten times, sir?
today my "friend" of 22 years told me it's dumbfucks like me that got Trump elected.  (proceeds to say redacted is normal people)
The left is a perfect example of projected psychological distress. They ARE what they claim the world/everyone ELSE TO BE.
They love their corporate overlords.
Unless they want a cake made...

That's why circus sideshows are not a thing anymore. Automation is not the only threat to employment in the 21st century.
this aint it.
Segregation builds on supportive propaganda and brainwashing, and that's clearly what is going on here. 

The nazis didn't round up people one day after a perfectly free republic. They revoked professional licenses and access to publishing first. Jews were gradually stripped of their rights to possess certain things, in this order: cars, any motorvehicle, typewriters, unregistered keys (must file all your keys with police), bicycles. I don't know when elegant and business attire was confiscated, but the nazis wanted them to look like bums with the yellow star on the chest. Note that censorship, bullshitting, victim-blaming and censorship has become gradually worse over the last ten years. We are running on tracks into tyranny.
Okay downvote me but I didn’t go screaming to the admins about it.
I agree. What analogy would you use?
[removed]
But muh switch
[removed]

Don't forget the bernie bros who are pretty fed up with the DNC since Hillary pocketed Bernie-donations for her own campaign.
They wont cite specific examples, but they will say they "see it everywhere" and that we are too stupid know we are racist. 

I have a screen shot someone of two people arguing and one of them called the other a homophobic racist (just for being a conservative) and he replied I'm black and bisexual so how can I be racist/homophobic? Dude just said you can be racist against your own race and be gay and hate gays lol. It doesnt matter what the truth is, they have their talking points and that's what you are no matter what!
Or flowers arranged.
Don't forget the propaganda campaign against the Jews.  Then when they started taking the Jews away, they told the public that they were just going to work camps.  Most people weren't aware of what was really going on.
The comparison isn’t really the segregation, it’s the discrimination and double standards. He’s not separated in this photo, he’s sitting in the same bar as the white people. The contrast in skin is reflective of the contrast in political opinions between all of the liberal subs and T_D. It’s just saying all of the Liberal subs (Reddit) are ganging up on T_D because of one difference, and this is hypocritical because that’s what they say we do.
Can't agree with this.  I've never feared for my life due to something I couldnt change.

If I dont want ridicule from leftists I dont wear maga gear.

Black people couldnt take off a hat and be accepted.

Much respect for those that are judged for things they cannot change and keep pressing on.
Why again would the party of progressives overwhelming switch sides to the "racist back in time anti progress" political spectrum? 

🤔🤔🤔
Hilarious, Democrats claim the racists amongst them decided to join Republicans... Uhhhh
Funniest thing ever. LBJ literally said he didn't give a shit about minorities, he just needed to buy their votes. Thereafter, the dems were the party of welfare and "help"... but not to much help. Then they wouldnt have the vote locked down - no, the welfare trap is like a trapping an addict - enough to keep him around and hooked, but not enough to break him.
I am literally shaking, fellow NPC.
You mean the voters who gave Trump the largest black and latino vote from a Republican president in decades?
You do know that your don't belong here right?!!
Lol that there are more US minorities on T_D than sub to r blackpeopletwitter? Are you a child or just easily influenced?
That’s the thing about Leftists, they never can cite specifics. They say we are terrible people and that the President is destroying America and should be impeached. When asked to give examples, they either parrot some BS talking point or get angry and walk away. I’ve seen it countless times on videos from Campus Reform, InfoWars, Jesse Watters etc.  Even Congress people calling for impeachment, when asked to explain why, say “Read the Mueller report”. What specifically? “Read the report!” Reeee.
> Don't forget the propaganda campaign against the Jews.

This is true, but I wanted to emphasize the lesser-known methods of the time.
> If I dont want ridicule from leftists I dont wear maga gear.

It's not ridicule people are worried about. I've never met anyone better at mocking people than me, and any time a leftist has tried to take that crown from me, I show them why that crown is fucking mine.

On the other hand, I'd rather not get shot just because someone found out I voted for Trump.

> Much respect for those that are judged for things they cannot change and keep pressing on.

Not only is there great evidence to suggest people *can't* just change their political affiliation, but the more you deny and repress, the weaker you become. We all know what that does to people, and the left punishes us if we don't hide who we are and what we believe.

And by punish, I mean tries to do things like blow up schools in Oregon.
Cope harder

[https://imgur.com/a/kFufmWc](https://imgur.com/a/kFufmWc)
[removed]
[removed]
What's with the downvotes? Do you guys honestly think that the Republican Party has any future in a White minority America?
Go be racist somewhere else
Lol you changed your message after sending.  Boomer?  Seriously?  



Nah now I agree with you after your change.  :)  We may be on the same page.
So the majority of the country was the majority in getting him elected.  Is that your big brain thought?  Just trying to understand such deep thinking skills. 



And how does that relate to blackpeopletwitter being populated by lameass white suburban tweens?
Ignoring the reality of what's to come to America is why fake "conservatives" like yourself will always lose. Demographics are destiny and the fact that you ignore the demographic demise of the only group that votes majority Republican just shows that you're not serious about the future of this country. Labeling what I said as "racist" and dismissing it entirely is something a leftist would do.
[removed]
[removed]
So I'm a leftist fake conservative to you.  Cool story bro.  I give 0 fucks what you think about me.

&#x200B;

But keep on virtue signaling about your true Scotsman conservative party.  Should I call you a leftist, because leftists virtue signal?
No worries.  I never downvoted any of your comments anyhow ;)  Banter is fun
Wrong.

Trump **won** the presidential election. 

He received a higher number of electoral votes, which determines the winner.

He received a lower number of popular votes, which determines...absolutely nothing.

This old [children's educational/entertainment video](https://youtu.be/oyIFqf3XH24) may help you understand.
Great argument. You're a fake conservative because there is nothing you are fighting to conserve, and you follow what the left labels as taboo, as in "muh talking about race is bad." California turned blue forever because of changing demographics and now we're likewise losing the entire southwest, including Texas. But whatever! Let's just ignore the root cause of this major problem and be complacent until we're a minority and our rights start being taken away
[removed]
Saying the Republican party is dead without whites is racist. Conservatism isnt a race, it's just ideas. Black, Asian and latino voters are all welcome and I have no doubt they will continue to jump ship to the Republican side. 

Dems have gone off the deep and eventually they will eat themselves with competing ideologies.
>You're a fake conservative

I'll repeat myself.

**So I'm a leftist fake conservative to you. Cool story bro. I give 0 fucks what you think about me.**

&#x200B;

>you follow what the left labels as taboo

You have no idea what I follow, or why I might follow it.  I've given 0 input on my beliefs in this thread.

&#x200B;

>"muh talking about race is bad."

This is not what you said in your deleted comment, you dishonest fuck.  And at no point did I ever say I think that way.

&#x200B;

>Let's just ignore the root cause of this major problem

Correctly identify the root cause of the problem before you say people are ignoring it.  It's not race, although race is one of the tools that the root cause uses.
No, you "literally" said that Trump "**lost** the popular vote."

He didn't **lose** anything.

He **won** the election.

That's because popular votes don't mean shit.

Incidentally, Trump almost certainly received more popular votes from American citizens (who are the only people legally permitted to vote) than Crooked did.

But again, it's utterly irrelevant to who **won** the presidential election in 2016.

It also happens to be a correct statement that Trump **won** the "majority of the country," if "country" refers to the states rather than total population, which is mostly concentrated in the major coastal cities.
> if "country" refers to the states rather than total population

and all of the states would not have agreed to unify had this not been in place.
I'm a simple man, I see pro-American, I upvote.

Heres one.
I still see a brick animation in my mind as I hit the 👆 button.
Haha me too 

#it ain't much, but it's honest work
I've posted more tonight than probably all year. Thrive in adversity, team 👍
Orange arrows for our favorite orange man
All day.
Orange arrow good.
My index finger has been working overtime today!  👆
That's what I've been doing for the past 15 minutes lol
Loving this shit, it's getting real Boyz. Get your adobe ready....prime the meme cannons!
Yep, let's all upvote everything, let's push the curtain back as much as possible.
Definitely feeling the same love today!
I'm not a particularly avid Reddit user, but I've been lurking here from the start of this subreddit. I don't know very much about quarantined communities. Do upvotes here add to karma still? And for communities that have bots set to ban anyone who comments or posts here, will they still be able to operate in the same way they did before (skimming post history of people and eliminating any "undesirables")?

In any case, I've been sitting here for about half an hour now, just upvoting everything in sight.
God bless you and Judicial Watch, Tom. We appreciate the hard work you all do.
Thank you Tom!!!!  

Any way JW or you can spread the word of our quarantine to the President?? We need a few tweets by conservative voices to get people to see how free speech is being silenced by Communist China/ Liberal/ Democrat anarchists .
[removed]
Thanks Tommy!!
We're the good guys.  Seems they really hate all that is good.
Thank you, Tom. It's good to know someone with a real voice is out there speaking out for us. Keep up the great work!
[removed]
Did reddit collude with Media Matters and the queer latino?
Keep digging Tom!
Tom. Thank-you. Intimidation and censorship will fail. JW has my continued support.
Thank you Tom!
Here's a big wall for you to smash, Tom. You are in here everyday, and you are a frequent guest on the better media shows. Get the word out about this. The top threads regarding the quarantine contain all the facts and arguments you need.
https://twitter.com/TomFitton/status/1141094134545039361
Tom, you've been a light in the darkness for us. Thanks for having the guts and patriotism to stand with us.
Tom, what legal recourse do we have as a group? Is there any prospect of a class-action for the harm they are causing to our speech?
Love you Tom, you handsome fuck.
Yeah Tom keep posting til there is no where to post.
Good job brother.
# UNSUB FROM ALL OTHER SUBREDDITS DROP EVERYONES METRICS BY 750000 USERS.

# DO IT.
Love seeing you here, Tom!  Tom Fitton: The Warrior.
You should use your spotlight and speak on this on every tv platform you’re invited to. Could help a lot.
We have the best bicep-pedes, folks!

Keep up the good fight, Tommy Two-Guns. 

(Aw, hell, was that advocating violence?)

Only thing I find more disappointing than the events which have transpired is that I saw them coming for ages; absolute power corrupts not just absolutely, but *inevitably*.
This is such ridiculous bullshit. Surely this violates Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act.
Thanks Tom!
Amen
Sticky
Thank you Tom you're tha MAN
Thanks Tom, we need you now more than ever bro!
Thank you for all your hard work Tom!
You are spot on....they are trying to intimidate and bully us off of here.
Why?  Because they are scared!  We are on the right side of history!
Tom you may never read this but Thank You. From the bottom of my heart. You are doing Gods work.

I am an Obama voting, Trump supporter. I have a M.S. in Forensic Science and I believe in facts. I woke up.

You rip the facts from sources that never wanted them to be found. It really is incredible the work you have done. 

Please do not stop. Thank you again.

- huge fan
Thank you!
We shall shitpost in the shade!  Keep truckin' Tommy!  You're doing God's work son.
Thank you, Tom.
Censorship in Nazi Germany was extreme and strictly enforced by the governing Nazi Party, but specifically by Joseph Goebbels and his Reich Ministry of Public Enlightenment and Propaganda.   


Who are the modern Nazi's? The Left.
Thank you for the work you do Tom!
Thank you Mr. Fitton
TOM IS FOR AMERICA & I’M WITH TOM!
We are guilty of supporting the President of the United States.
God bless you brother 🙏
Thank you, sir!!! Keep up the awesome work you’re doing
The censors fear the strong.
Thank God for this
Thank you for your hard work!
We love you, Tom Fitton!!! GOD SPEED TO YOU AND YOUR FAMILY!!!!!
Started a real dedicated lifting plan for first time in my life. I always think, “What would Tom Fitton do?”

Another set of curls, that’s what he’d do.
Not just intimidation but flat-out lies. Where else on Reddit is there more support for law enforcement than here? Answer: nowhere else.
Save us!
My only idea is for everyone here on T_D to write a letter to the White House with printed screenshots of the admins texts admitting to purposely setting us up and editing comments! Everyone contact your senators and other officials to push the anti-trust investigation through on all these rotten scumbag tech corps. 2020 is election season we need to light a fire under their a$$es and make them act.
If they want to censor me, then they're going to have to go ahead and censor me.  I'm just having a good time.
I owe Tom Fitton a beer, as do we all. I hope he likes IPAs.
A little help would be much appreciated, Tom. Please shine some light onto this quarantine situation so the right people can bring the pressure appropriately.
They aren't intimidating but your arms are, no homo
Posting Tom Fitton’s biceps may get us quarantined
Thank you, Tom. I, like many of us here, am a hard working every day American who has been pushed too far. Your presence here reiterates I’m not on the outskirts and am among peers. It’s appreciated.
Thanks Tom.
Fitton is listening in too, glad to have a face standup, as most of us are faceless drones to Reddit.
The right to "bare arms" must be protected
I wish i could get my arms to fill out my sleeves like that.
Keep it up Tom.  Keep that swamp in check!
THANK YOU TOMMY GUNS, YOU'RE DOING THE LORD'S WORK.
Oooo, "quarantined" for my safety!  My pwecious eyeballs and delicate synapses thank the leftist Powers That Be for their courage and foresight on my behalf.

Pft.  Leftist fuckwads.
[removed]
we thank you, o based pede of bicep!  you always do the heavy lifting and we appreciate you and your team!
Tommy Guns, you have no idea what it means to the community having a figure like you in our midst!
🙏The_Donald🙏
HUGE news
Judicial Watch is the shit!!!
Yeah, Gettim!
Thank you, sir.
Sue 'em into the shithouse, Big Tommy Gunnz!!!
How come this post doesn't have quarantine? Speaking of,  getting back to you guys on mobile was a task.  Annoyimg..
...while you can... ! Tom, we are so thankful that you know what’s happening here... tell Tucker and Sean!!!
Thank you, Mr. Fitton.
TOMMY GUNS!
Dude. You kick ass, you know that? Thanks for all you do! You are one of those that don't just bitch about shit on social media, you actually get off your ass and do something about it. Thanks, Tom.
So glad you’re an active contributor here!!
Seems like the Empire Strikes Back. The 2020 Meme war has begun with a sneak attack.
Well said, Tom.
Tom I hope you help this place.
Keep Fighting, Tom!
Thank you.  I will also keep posting.
Glad to see you, Mr Fitton.  Keep fighting the good fight.  I know you're not doing what you're doing for fame or glory, but the history books will write about your accomplishments and you will forever be known as a great patriot.
True heroes never quit and you are a god damn American hero
Redditt: That Tom Fitton is constantly flashing two huge guns... this must violate our rules somehow.
Spread the word, Tom.  Now is the time for some conservative powerhouses to think about launching the NEXT platform for free speech.  One where these leftist fools can’t have a strangle on.
As a staunch heterosexual male...I'm quite impressed by the gun show.
Is there a lawsuit here?
we got the law on our side, fuck reddit.
Thank you Tom!
why did i not know TF had a reddit. KEEP DOIN WHAT UR DOIN.
Thanks Patriot!! Sir, you are awesome.
**THANK YOU, JUDICIAL WATCH!**
Thank you Tom!
Yes Tom!! 👏🏻👏🏻
God Bless the Big Man
🇺🇸💪🙏
We need the biceps of justice now more than ever. Thanks Mr Fitton.
Jacked out of his dick - that’s ol tommy boy
Thank you for being a real life superhero
Biceps of Peace
I smell a class action lawsuit brewing
Didn't realise it was Sunday Gunday
Thank you, Tom for doing the heavy lifting and leading the charge against those who would subvert our constitutional rights!
You and your team do a lot of heavy lifting! Thank you for all you do to uncover all the deceit and lies.
I have read and posted on T_D daily since early 2016 (under different handles).

I have never once seen a threat of violence against law enforcement on this Domreddit.

Further, President Trump himself is the most vocal supporter of law enforcement and the military to occupy the White House in modern history.

The majority of comments I see here regarding police are positive, except in certain threads alleging police brutality/complaining about certain laws.

However, leftists routinely encourage and commit violence against police and other citizens, particularly groups such as BLM and Antifa, which are praised or at least tolerated elsewhere on Reddit.

Reddit is once again applying a double standard and persecuting a large, mainstream community of users for the supposed "crime" of supporting the duly-elected president of the United States.

I make it a point to represent the pro-police perspective 100% of the time, and even in negative threads, to remind people that the actions of a minority are not equivalent to all or even most police officers.

Law enforcement is a crucial function in our society, and literally allows the law, and thus our society and country, to exist.

Cops are human beings, and human nature means sinfulness. However, American police are typically thoroughly vetted during the hiring process, and are usually highly law-abiding and principled individuals, if not perfect.

Anyone who has a problem with certain laws, such as drug laws, civil asset forfeiture, "quorum-busting" laws, etc., should remember that it is called law enforcement, and not law creation, for a reason.
A Champion!

GOP:  Were is the rage against having this sub set the heck up and played out for CHICOM Marxist indoctrinates and operatives? ?

Where is the RINO resistance?

Is Romney & Crew still sucking Neocon/lib donor asschowder /with spermatozoa backflow?

DONORS - wake up - if the DNC gets their claws into this country the donor elite will see short, not long term, riches.
Does Fitton have a law degree?
Don Jr. is aware of the quarantine.
Exactly. Let's be subject no longer to tyrannical leftists!
That's SMART. But remember to also LOOK ahead to HOW the ISPs are gaining POWER to CENSOR everything and anything. VPNs sound great but that is ONE company and ONE database with ALL you history and YOUR credit card information. Making VPNs extremely attractive targets for all manner of hackers.
Gab was that platform. As soon as it started getting popular, they used their common "hate speech" play. 

DNS providers banned them, hosting providers banned them, Android and iOS app stores banned them, every credit card payment provider banned them, etc.

As soon as any other alternative platform starts getting traction, they'll do the exact same thing.

The elites control too much of the internet, I'm afraid.  We're not going to be able to fix this from behind a keyboard.
[removed]
It honestly makes no sense to generate money for the shithole fucktards that run this place. I really wish we would move. Where is Parscale?
[removed]
They're evil, they even stolen the name Liberal just to remain relevant.
[removed]
That's the pieces I'm seeing coming into focus. Both led a coordinated attack on our sub. Personally, knowing how media matters operates, they actually made the post themselves, then reported them to reddit douches who gladly quarantined us.
And according to them, there is now no crime worse than collusion!
They're the same damn thing.  Ol' Lispy got his career started at Media Matters then Vox was dumb enough to hire him.
Dude when he calls himself queer it's ok. When we call him queer it will be identified as hate speech even though we mean no harm. Let's try to stay above reproach for a bit. I'm not trying to give way to censorship but I love this fucking place and don't want to lose it.
LGBT**Q**. Checks out. No harm, no foul.
[removed]
Look at there 990s for revenue generated over the past few years. JW has gained like a 10% to 15% increase in revenue since Trump announced. Don’t be fooled we are not losing this current culture war. The reeetards on the left have just gotten louder!

I stand corrected it’s more than 10%!

https://magaimg.net/img/8b2v.jpg
Tom I like these numbers! 😍 keep up the good work!

https://magaimg.net/img/8b2v.jpg
Now is not the time Tom. The BIGGEST TRUMP SUPPORTING CONGREGATION ON THE INTERNET JUST GOT (EFFECTIVELY) BANNED. We ll all buy your tshirts once this gets sorted.
No. CDA protects Reddit from stuff we post. Not the other way around. However, Spez has shown that he will edit posts and has edited posts in our sub before. That removed all protection from them since integrity of comments can't be guaranteed.... But IAMAL and may be talking out of my ass.
I mean, they should be illegal. I hit the generic lottery as far as height goes, but I just can't seem to get the width...in any body part. Haha
That's King Boomer to you, broski
Yeah, a " giant "Boomer" that fights for the truth and freedom of this great country so you can criticize him with your cheeto-stained dick beaters on your keyboard instead of waiting in a bread line.
LOL... law.

I don't see any leftists getting hauled off to jail.
Not only have I never seen a threat of violence on law enforcement, I’ve never seen a shred of genuine indecency, racism, anti-Semitic, or anti-gay anything that wasn’t either removed or downvoted to shit.
Excellent post. Too bad the Thought Police at Reddit know it's all a lie, but are willing to do whatever it takes to stifle opposing speech.
It is a hit job.  Non supporter starts posting in the subreddit and plants a violent post, goes un noticed, that post is then called up for the hit job.

It is all in their Media Matters manual.
ICE are law enforcement, right? I have seen numerous calls to kill ICE on redacted.
Did he say something on Twitter? I deleted mine years ago
Thank you for the info, pede!!!! I just cant do twitter... LOL
Um. You are miss informed and we ARE going to beat this. Gab has never been better. They just released some knew software and the Dissenter app!

They also bought the gab dot com URL. And found a company to host thier payment processing! 

https://www.breitbart.com/tech/2019/01/23/free-speech-social-network-gab-secures-payment-processor-following-financial-blacklisting/

https://www.breitbart.com/tech/2019/02/27/gab-launches-dissenter-platform-to-add-comments-section-to-every-page-on-the-internet/
[removed]
Well that explains why I started receiving AOL subscription discs in the mail again.
[removed]
Exactly - Where the fuck is Parscale?
The problem with moving is the people whose minds can and have been swayed won't move with us,  they want us to leave.  If we instead disperse and start dispensing red pills in the wild,  we still have our mothership,  but as individual users, they cannot ban us all and we will change minds.  Leaving creates a bigger echo chamber than ever that will sway minds the wrong way.
Remember words are weapons and violence now to leftists
For those that don't know.  ShareBlue is Media Matters.  Media Matters is directly funded by George Soros.  Wikipedia that.  It's public information.

This is a copy of ShareBlue's marching orders.

https://www.scribd.com/document/337535680/Full-David-Brock-Confidential-Memo-On-Fighting-Trump

It specifies tactics that align perfectly with what is going on here.

This is not a "conspiracy theory."
Remind me what the 'Q' in LGBTQ stands for?
Reddit censors us and your immediate reaction is to censor us even further in order to prevent Reddit from censoring us even further?

Besides, I thought his title was the lipsy token gay latino, not queer.
[removed]
Are you not aware of the media matters hitpiece written by Carlos Maza of Vox, who coincidentally has been calling for the censorship of other conservatives?
Section 230 will be their downfall, and it's coming.
Fucking demolished!
That's the ironic thing about all of this. For anyone who actually visits this subreddit, you constantly see support for Israel, for Blacks leaving the Democratic Plantation, as well as for our gay pedes as the highest rated posts. It's only through downvoted troll comments that you will ever see someone be actually racist and that happens on the other large politics sub all the time!
I once quoted at a song in a popular movie that is a racist jingle and got banned for a few days. It was really mild TBH, but the mods don't fuck around at all with that shit, 0 tolerance.
If you want that, you get your eyes full of it on Voat!
That is because it is the regressive left that is racist, fascist, hates police, promotes violence, promotes islam while preaching antisemitism! Look at Carlos Maza - Promotes violence against conservatives and Trump supporters, this violence happens, Carlos Maza doesn't get in trouble on Twitter! Crowder calls him "lispy" and get demonetized! Its conservative bias!
He retweeted about it.  https://i.imgur.com/fZLdW4n.jpg
[removed]
[removed]
Found Spez
I just typed out 4 paragraphs of a response, but it was really grim so I deleted it. What you say is correct, but I'm not gonna lie, I am just about black pilled. I think I need to take a break from all of this for a while.
Too much trouble. Do you want to run around try to correct all of the stupid in the world??
Is that Carlos Maza or whatever his name is affiliated with them?  He saw the effect he had on Steven Crowder and decided to target us next.
> Media Matters is directly funded by George Soros

and the DNC directly
Wtf...
I don't think the irony is lost on many pedes bro.
They're not sure. No, seriously. Half the people will say "questioning".
Just want the sub to live bruh.
fuck those 4-fags and nazi LARPers at voat
That dude needs to charge his damn phone.
We ll hold down the fort. Take a well deserved break pal. I do it everyonce in a while on principle.
Yeah.  He works for them.
Well I'm certainly questioning their behavior
Me too, but I'd rather it die out than watch as our own members attempt to control what others say without real guidelines to go by. Like, we also say "based faggot" a lot, doesn't cause a stir, Reddit admins don't care, but if we start going "HEY! Watch yourself!" then they'll start chiming in "Yeah, you better keep them under control or we will"
Exactly. Part of the reason Donald trump has basically brushed off “controversies” that would kill the political career of sleepy joe and the likes is because he is unapologetic about things he does in good faith some don’t like. We don’t use the words queer, or faggot when it’s adoringly used towards Milo in bad faith, so let’s not be all apologetic or scared to use it or else that’s one more thing they have over us.

For the shareblue and mediamatters people reading this: It’s LGBT**Q** for Christ sake. Our president is the first one to never flip flop on the lgbt topic and waved the rainbow flag on stage during his campaigning. We’re not the homophobes you make us out to be.
I actually am happy they are fucking stupid enough to pick that hill.  It is asinine on its face and allows the focus to be COMPLETE Political Fuckery.  It boosts the profile, gets more people here, and allows for a cohesive group to port somewhere else if/when they decide that they are Chinese Myspace.
Did reddit every pony up the offending posts that were anti-law enforcement, be real curious to see those posts...
Also, if you're going after T_D for anti-police, they HAVE to go after Chapotraphouse and Politics. They frequently call for violent uprising against police.
Literally the most pro police sub on Reddit
He is a capitalist. He got rich from writing a book.
I honestly can’t think of a more pro law enforcement group of people. This is ridiculous.
I keep trying to find the comments that they're talking about but I can't find anything. I believe the theory that they were plants, we should look through their accounts.
We need to stop pretending this happened because the sub did something wrong. There has been a target on our backs since day one. It infuriates them that we won and they’re losing. Losers encourage and participate in blanket censorship. That’s what they are, cowardly losers. Is your message so weak that you choose to silence those who don’t fall in line? This will only strengthen our movement. This is way more than us simply supporting our current president. I could care less about which medium we use. Reddit has been lost for years. Digg exodus happened for way less. What happened man. I’m ready for something new.
Wasn't the BLM an anti-law enforcement movement supported by Lib sub reddits?
The only time I saw police getting a huge ovation was waiting in line for a President Trump rally!

President Trump 

I like the sound of that and I know reddit hates it so, one more time...

President Trump
"If you strike me down, I will become more powerful than you could ever imagine."
We support the blue and proudly stand for the red white and blue.
Out of all the stupid shit to blame T_D for... anti cop should be on the bottom of the fucking list.
The funniest thing I ever heard Bernie say was when he was explaining how he made millions of dollars. 

He basically said he wrote a book and it sold well, and that if we want to be millionaires all we have to do is work hard and write a book.

Like, that's literally capitalism, bro. lol
There was a post in the Anarchism sub with hundreds of upvotes saying it was wrong to Q us for “threats to law enforcement” because... 

the Anarchism sub openly threatens the police.
It feels like an infiltration job... sit on T_D for a few months say some head nodding things like "MAGA" and "Trump" then post a crazy thing like "We should attack the police" (which sounds more Antifa than T_D) and watch as reddit can use it as probable cause to shut down the sub. All censorship is bad but because some people at reddit don't like T_D they are all of sudden pro-censorship.
Or accusing Bernie of being anti-Hillary.
I am a police officer, I know I am more welcome and safer here than on the other political subs.  Dear Reddit, we are big boys and girls, we don't need you to protect us, particularly not from the ones most likely to have our backs.  

Id say "how about policing some of the anti-cop rhetoric on the other subs", but I'm not afraid of them either, in fact I support their right to have and express their opinions.
I LOVE COPS  
  
I LOVE STATE COPS  
  
I LOVE LOCAL COPS  
  
I HATE CRIMINALS AND PEOPLE WHO SUPPORT CRIMINALS
It's like accusing Elizabeth Warren of being a Native American.
anyone see the front page? "r/The_Donald quarantined due to threatening police" skeezy shitlib hit. yall had to know this was coming though. they weren't just going to let 2016 happen again.
This sub is so fucking beautiful. I'm a Canadian but it's just so high energy!

It's this kinda shit that makes me so proud to be a conservative
I have seen blatant calls for death on redacted, and reported it to admins. Nothing.

Rules for thee, not for me...
This is one of the most asinine claims that could ever have been made about T_D. ThinBlueLine all the way.
Bernie can still get a fourth beachhouse!  Match me!
Sanders is a capitalist.  Oh no, another account banned?!  This cannot be\~\~
Leftism is a mental disorder, enough said.
It’s a lies campaign. Every reason they put forth is a blatant lie. Why don’t they just come out and straight up say they’re censoring T_D because they don’t like it? I’d at least have respect for them to be upfront and honest. But it’s too much to ask for these assholes to grow some balls. Cucks will be cucks. Damn cowards.
Yesterday we were bootlickers that groveled at the feet of authority.

Total we're rebels that want to kill police and politicians.

Reddit is a mess.
If anything, leftists on politics are always talking about killing cops.
I only know T\_D and PROTECTANDSERVE as pro-police subs so WTF
Hahahah. Or accusing AOC of being intelligent or Ilhan Omar a patriot
\*insert 200%smugtrump.jpg here\*  


It means they feel threatened. Ya'll were so prevalent in parsing information like the wikileaks email drops during the 2016 election that they're afraid of you for doing the same this time around. You should see how badly shills are flooding /pol/ and trying to outgroup this subreddit with 'muh MIGA' and 'muh MAGAwithDACA' garbage. It's easy to point them out just for this alone.
funny thing is, this is the ONLY place on reddit that doesn't hate police
Communist anti-law enforcement bastards pointing the finger at patriots and saying "look at these people against the police!!!"

You can't get a better perspective of what the left is than this! Antifa loving motherfuckers.  Rules for thee but not for me.
I'm no bootlicker but the fact that lefties accuse us of provoking police violence is retarded.
truth
It's important to the left to convert police and military forces to their ideology because it's the only thing standing in their way of a total reformation of the republic.
My entire family is law enforcement (current and past), lol. Yes, we just hate them so much!
Dang that little sideglance to the camera. Just like Bugs Bunny out of Looney Tunes.

&#x200B;

...which pretty accurately describes the Great Donald Trump...

&#x200B;

Completely in control of the situation, with the other characters flailing around angry.
To be fair, he is a millionaire.
or like accusing Trump of being a puppet of Putin
Threatening Politicians... Anti Law Enforcement?


We're not the liberal shitstains, only need to look at the Left and how they demand ICE, or the Police be treated, hell from the UK, we have A fat slob of a "Comedian" Joking about throwing battery acid on Nigel Farage, and then a Racist Labour MP known as David Lammy gleefully wanting to pour "What ever he can get his hand on" over a so called White supremacist, you hell, United Kingdom Sub reddit should be quarantined as well being how they supported assaulted politicians.



Reddit is a joke, fuck the far left.
seriously fucking evil lies. trying to subvert the US of A leads to one thing and one thing only.  Might we remind them?
What can we accuse them of? Hmm, what to projection to use today. I know, anti-cop.
We're fans of the honest kids who go out there every day to fight the enemies of America, whether foreign or domestic. By contrast, even Chicago is in a state of unrest as the police push back hard on the corrupt state government, and reveal the Smollett hoax.

They know they'll lose. It is a matter of time.
We support law enforcement til they violate the constitution. Its always been that way and that is the dividing line between government goon squads and those who protect and serve the citizenry. So i guess reddit is pro big government partisans?
It's just so frustrating. They don't take us seriously when we say the left are turning into a bunch of communists and socialists, they just laugh and call us conspiracy theorists... They think our comparisons are too extreme, even though we can provide evidence that the left is out of control. How are we supposed to red pill these people?
Bernie is a capitalist in the way he uses the system. 

Don't tell his followers lol
I'm in law enforcement! 

So screw that shit!😑
Even if a few nuts on this subreddit were to advocate for violence against police (definitely not trolls btw 🙄) how does that justify quarantining the whole sub? Reddit is mad the tech overlords got exposed today and wanted to create a distraction for us so that attention is drawn away from the dumpster fire that is the Democrat debates. They don’t want us to create memes and pick apart and expose the radicalism of the basically socialist democrat party.
So are they sending in agent provocateurs to post shit and using that as casus belli
I agree with sentiment, but disagree with the example of Bernie Sanders. He is self made millionaire, and, you know, surelly invests the money. He IS a capitalist and benefits from this.
They're not sending their best.
No one has cheered our law enforcement officers than President Trump and The Donald Followers. No one has cheered on our Veterans and active military than President Trump and The Donald. I don't think anyone has encouraged and literally prayed for more people needing help and support than President Trump and The Donald. No one has shown more gratitude and love for America than President Trump and The Donald .Screw you Reddit.
Spicy
Yep that dog ain't gunna hunt.
Not a fair comparison, there's evidence of Bernie engaging in capitalism.
He's secretly a (millionaire) Capitalist, masquerading as a Socialist.
I think the yellow “QUARANTINED” is kind of cute 😊
Not to mention I’ve seen many front page posts on t_d in show of support/sympathy on days dem politicians have had family pass away. Unlike all the vile posts I see when the shoe is on the other foot
Holy shit that is an amazing gif
I'm still confused over it.
He is a Capitalist
Like accusing Elizabeth Warren of being an Indian, Robert O’Rourke a Hispanic, and Joe Biden a non-pedo
hahahahahahahahahaha
Double standards
The same people who call Ben Shapiro Nazi
This whole thing is stemming from the shit going on in Oregon. They don’t like they we are for armed patriots using the Second Amendment to support and defend the elected officials in the face of the Oregon democrats threatening to use the state police to force the Republicans to stand there while the use the facade of democracy to ram through their far left agenda. When they say t_d is “anti-law enforcements” they mean we are anti government storm troopers forcing you to bend to their will, and they just can’t have that.
Out of all the lies that is what they come up with... unreal. Carlos Maza calls for people to assault Trump supporters and milkshake people and it happens. He doesn't get banned. Crowder calls him Lispy and get demonetized! The Bias is real and alarming! We need to create petitions to have the tech companies broken up! They have too much power and clearly are wielding it irresponsibly and to the detriment of the American people!
This post needs a Ridiculous Bullshit tag.
They picked the ONE thing they could not manipulate... WOW, we sure these guys are evil geniuses?
Especially when MANY other subreddits actively advocate for violence against LEOs.
This is the biggest bootlicking holster sniffing subreddit on Reddit!
This is one of the most pro police sub reddits I've seen.

It just highlights the fact that that it's unjust nonsense.

They didn't even make up a plausible reason, it's just stupid.
Well what would you call threats of violence towards law enforcement?
Soooo it is racist? Because Bernie Sanders certainly is a capitalist
Have you read Capital in the 21st Century?  How about actually Karl Marx?  Do you know what being a socialist is?

Your lack of empircism is sickening.
bernie is a capitalist.... social democracy is capitalism
> allows the focus to be COMPLETE Political Fuckery

If only calling us genocidal, racist, xenophobic, sexist nazi's with concentration camps at the border was proof enough of that =\
trump needs to say something about it to make reddit shit their pants
I have read and posted on T_D daily since early 2016 (under different handles).

I have never once seen a threat of violence against law enforcement on this Domreddit.

Further, President Trump himself is the most vocal supporter of law enforcement and the military to occupy the White House in modern history.

The majority of comments I see here regarding police are positive, except in certain threads alleging police brutality/complaining about certain laws.

However, leftists routinely encourage and commit violence against police and other citizens, particularly groups such as BLM and Antifa, which are praised or at least tolerated elsewhere on Reddit.

Reddit is once again applying a double standard and persecuting a large, mainstream community of users for the supposed "crime" of supporting the duly-elected president of the United States.

I make it a point to represent the pro-police perspective 100% of the time, and even in negative threads, to remind people that the actions of a minority are not equivalent to all or even most police officers.

Law enforcement is a crucial function in our society, and literally allows the law, and thus our society and country, to exist.

Cops are human beings, and human nature means sinfulness. However, American police are typically thoroughly vetted during the hiring process, and are usually highly law-abiding and principled individuals, if not perfect.

Anyone who has a problem with certain laws, such as drug laws, civil asset forfeiture, "quorum-busting" laws, etc., should remember that it is called law enforcement, and not law creation, for a reason.
They decided to do it right before the Dem debates because they knew we would meme them to hell and point out their lies.
[Amazing is what it is](https://i.imgur.com/0Sx8vUt.jpg)
All of the pede autists are probably cataloguing ALL the lefties who have actually threatened violence towards officers. If they aren’t, they should.
Next, they'll ban it. Mark my fucking words.
My reaction:

# Ahahahahahahahaha

<gasp>  


# Ahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha

<gasp>
I just browsed a couple of the blatantly anti-law enforcement subs and the mods there are warning everyone not to post death threats and calls to violence against police, which of course is something they are used to doing as habit. It isn't going well for the mods. There are numerous calls for death to all police in the very posts the where the mods were warning them not to do it. The mods are being attacked as bootlickers!
It's the only sub that posts almost every day a tribute to police. What an insane argument to make.
the examples I saw were people talking about the need for militias or the concept of fighting back against a tyrannical police state. I didn't see anything that was a call for violence or a threat of violence. I can see what they're going for with this, but if that is the standard then other subs are in trouble because there is virtually no difference between those comments and the left's calls for "military coups," "rising up," "taking to the streets" or Biden's "physical revolution."
And the IP record of the account(s) that made those posts
I got called a “bootlicker” by saying I supported police. Of course, it wasn’t here. It was on some other TOTALLY NEUTRAL sub.
People saying they are willing to bear arms and stand with Oregon state senator Brian Boquist after he said "Send bachelors and come heavily armed. I’m not going to be a political prisoner in the state of Oregon. It’s just that simple.”
Yeah, id really like to see these posts compared to the countless posts calling for dead cops and such when some BLM outrage happened.
Go to redacted and make a pro trump post or try to refute one of the echo chamber posts. The projection is amazing. They'll call for the death of you and all your kind and trump and your pets and whatnot. And get massively upvoted for it. I can't wait for college to resume in the fall here. Gonna drive around campus with my massive trump flag in the bed and trigger some special snowflake commies.
Or bad_cop_no_donut, absolute trash sub.
And rage, and publicfreakout, and justice served, and instant karma and well Im sure yall get the picture.
It's a "kill two birds with one stone" thing. Silence the voices here as well as discourage normies (who are very pro police) from visiting. Now.. I'm not saying it will actually work. It might actually backfire. But that's what is going on in their heads.
You just don’t understand the complex role of the ruling class in a socialist society.
Yeah multiple houses and an expensive audi. No real commie can live like that. 

It's like AOC wearing a $600 watch to the border fence for her crying shotoshoot..
I would assume they were removed by now
Hahahahahaha
Trying to get my green party voting wife to donate to Trumps reelection as we speak.
Mr Trump I don't feel so good.
But... but... but.... that fucktard AOC tells me they are concentration camps. They went from being migrant facilities to concentration camps immediately after Trump became president.
Its like when Hillary people post child porn in that large Bernie Facebook group so FB have an excuse to shut it down forever
All that talk about "concentration camps" then they quarantine us.

My fucking sides.
We would get flooded with new recruits!! His people are here. He WILL say something.
Don Jr retweeted a couple things but what really needs to happen is these "platforms" need to lose their CDA 230 status
Someone please request this somehow.  Maybe flood his twitter posts with the suggestion or something.
Exactly. I bet there are posts threatening violence against police on EVERY FUCKING LEFTIST SUB ON REDDIT. This was the stupidest excuse for censorship they could have come up with.
[removed]
The worst I've seen are the posts which call for traitors (certain politicians) to be hung for treason. Can't ban us for citing U.S. code 2381. 

> Whoever, owing allegiance to the United States, levies war against them or adheres to their enemies, giving them aid and comfort within the United States or elsewhere, is guilty of treason and shall suffer death, or shall be imprisoned not less than five years and fined under this title but not less than $10,000; and shall be incapable of holding any office under the United States.
Don't forget Lynch calling for blood in the streets, too
Or Obama repeatedly taking the side of BLM.
it's ok to be pro police and anti police state

context matters. blind support is why the leftists are insane
They use that same phrasing on /pol/. It's either a candidate for antifa, or a paid shill. Those are best to be pointed out for what they are when someone says it.
Can't wait for KAG hats to be on sale so I can show it off around campus
Eh, there are bad apples and cases of police injustice should be called out. I don’t like spending too long on there though or I start thinking every cop is gonna shoot my gerbil.
It will backfire so long as people actually spread info to the contrary of Reddit's narrative. If you see the topic elsewhere, post in it, and provide screencaps of proof of threads supporting the police. It's the same with countering edgelords when they go on their anti-military tirades.
Do we know which accounts posted them? What the comments said, etc

I'd love to take a look at their comment histories.
Say something?. I'm waiting for him to do something about big tech censorship. Words aren't enough for me. A damn hotline just isn't enough either.
What we really need are the Chicoms and the CIA out of our social square. Someone has to have that immune status of we have no more freedom of speech online, because nobody will allow free posting if they are going to be held responsible.

We need regulation against political discrimination.
There isn't anything more damaging to a politician than being viewed as a joke.  That's why they try to paint Trump with that brush.  But he always fights back and is able to brush it off because he's been attacked his entire life.  The others aren't able to overcome it
Ha, remember lock her up?
Leftists hating us for following the law, what's new?
That what did to Ol' Jimmy Woods too.
AOC should read this....
Then the entire confederacy should have been hung....
They can ban you for any reason they want.  Even for having a name that starts with the letter M.  Freedom of speech goes both ways.  You don't have to suffer here.
[removed]
I saw one pic they posted showing the Trump plane nosediving into a big Colosseum of people.

Its like *what?*

Who cares people create dumb pictures all the time and they have to freak out about it?
The problem is they are anti-police and pro-police state.
Honestly... I think he was waiting until it got/gets really ridiculous. All this shit is being done by a very vocal small but powerful minority. He's letting them truly polarize the situation until the sane people, and there are more sane than insane, acknowledge that they have to take a side.
“The only truly effective weapon the human race has is laughter.” 
-Mark Twain
[removed]
For me, it's not that they have a set of rules and standards on what can and cannot be said (I don't want calls for violence either), it's that they appear to enforce the rules unevenly and apply different definitions of "threats" to different subs, so it's impossible to know what kind of stuff actually violates their terms. If what was said on T_D breaks their rules then of course they should act, but those types of comments and worse are all over leftist subs as well but they ignore that. I'm not asking for a special set of rules, just asking that we all have the same rules (or even just a clarification on the special rules for T_D) so we know what can and cannot be said. I don't think that's an unreasonable request
Can't have it both ways. They're either a publisher who can control what passes as acceptable speak or they're an open platform that has to allow everything as long as it's lawful.
What the fuck? It probably helps when ur federal agency's arent all corrupt political tools of the left
The same intelligence agencies leading a coup against him? You're a special kind of idiot.
I was thinking this today. It seems to me like he's getting us ready to fight. We see the problems, and there doesn't appear to be a way out. It's obvious he's the only one that isn't trying to fuck us, but to me it seems like he's not so much digging us out of shit as far as delivering a message... Paul Revere style
It definitely helps. I saw people on the street with shirts saying it!
See my other reply.
"They aren't going to give you your country back without a fight "

So, we should be ready to fight.
The left has awakened a sleeping giant.
4Chan is non-fiction.
If anyone here comments on 4chan, send our thanks for the solidarity.
I don't need the people fighting along side me to like me...I just need them to fight.
Be careful on /Pol.  It's not always as it seems.  It's a honeypot, it's frequented by alphabet agencies but it's also unfiltered and raw commentary from all over the world.  Be careful of posters hiding their true flag, and be careful of concern shilling.

Lurk moar
4/chan is probably telling him to fuck off and go back to reddit... KEK
What is this 4chings you speak of?
I'm pretty center but anti censorship. You all need to spread the shitposting to other subs I wanna see random pepes in every sub no one can stop your shitposting. God speed
Someone get this to 4 chins.

http://archive.fo/rX4eb
Why not attack media matters? They are there ones creating the fake chaos. 

Frankly, media matters would love for Reddit to go away. The media wants control.
4chan hates redditors.
I have several layers of firewalls targeted to reddit's advertisers.  They haven't made a dime from me.
Not your personal army
Is there such a thing as a buycott?  I am imagining thousands of people buying a bunch of stuff from a site and then returning it all at the same time.  We are the working class, we buy shit, we work and we have money.  You take the shipping and handling hit to show your buying power in the affirmative.
LOL, 4chan!  Does Reddit realize what they have done, getting 4chan's attention?  I just going to go hide behind the couch for a bit.
Thanks Anon.
Ride-or-die brothers
Frens.
Pulling ad dollars won't hurt reddit significantly: They have some $550 million in venture capital.  They'd have to be spectacularly irresponsible to fail, (and they're doing that) and even then it would take many years because it ain't easy to blow through that much dough.

Remember: They're not capitalists.  They're not turning a profit.  Venture capital pays their bills.  That's why they're so disconnected from reality.
Who is this 4chan guy?
I could do 4Chan. There is ALOT of weird shit on 4Chan, but that doesn't mean I have to engage in it. If there was a T_D there, I'd dump this place like a hot turd. 4Chan would likely not take kindly to the normie influx though.
If Reddit bans us, we need to use 4chan and Discord servers to organize.
Gotta love 4chan.
oh yay a boycott
Nobody messes with their retarded little brother. Only THEY have the right to smack us around.
I'll make it easy, infiltrate media matters,  share blue, get paid by david Brock.  Then we can do something against these dirty tactics
Went over to the Q board and even they are willing to join us in spite of being treated like shit here.
I totally agree, turn off your adblockers and contact any company that advertises on Reddit
when you find out T\_D and 4chan are the same people...
Did you know AT&T owns CNN?  They do.  I switched to Verizon and I am saving $75 per month for unlimited everything.  🇺🇸  I also don’t watch the NFL.  Nor do I use Gillette razors anymore.  Could care less about women’s soccer.  Do love Chic-Fil-A,  great food and great people.  They kicked a hornets nest today!  God bless the USA. 🇺🇸
Except 4chan has pretty strict "no brigades" enforcement
It's a good thing we call the hacker known as 4chan fren
We could just start telling everyone about ad block. Also use crypto tippers instead of gold.
4chan memes are fun to see but the N word keeps me out of pol.
I know I know ... I'm a soy now and should move to r news r politics r TopMindsofReddit
Reading this got me pumped.
This chick is stoked!
Im... feeling froggy.
Accepted?...anon you silly prick, Ive been with you all along
I dont even have to see that thread to know what comments followed from other anons 😂
Imagine  100,000's class clowns that gathered in 1 area. Thats 4chan. You don't want to fuck with a group of people like that.
Centrist and right of center ideas and discussion should not be pushed out to fringe forums or boards. If T_D falls some will move and adapt to 4/8chan. However most won't. To voluntarily move to the chan's would be voluntarily pushing your message to the fringes. 

I'll argue it's the wrong direction to push this. Chan users should post more on Reddit. We can't allow one side to dominate main stream discussion. You'll never have healthy debate otherwise. 

Of course the downvote system can easily be manipulated to hide right of center posts. That being said, we shouldn't be posting with the intention to collect imaginary internet points. A lot of users still sort by controversial. So that's where we should exist. 

The other scary thing about chans is that it's easy to false flag it. You don't need to create an account. Anything posted there can be dishonestly attributed to the group. I don't want to imagine if 4chan becomes the largest forum for conservatives, how the MSM will play with that. The smear campaigns will be a thousandfold worse. 

A better alternative is to stay here and move to/exist on other discussion type sites. Use Reddit, gab, dissenter and Twitter. Yea Twitter is a mess but still use it. Anyone who doesn't have a Twitter account should create an anonymous one ( to protect against leftist harassment, doxing, firing etc.) and mass follow each other using a specific hashtag. A few years ago, #OpSkyNet was used with great success to network users against dishonest video game journalism. Use that or make a new one. 

Anyways that is my 2 cents. I'm divided on trying to crash Reddit. I think that gives the site mods reason to straight up delete from existence this sub. So maybe it's not the way to go. I'm generally opposed with the entirety of the posted screenshot. I don't think it's in T_D's best interest. Remember that there are a lot of people who post on chans to simply stir up trouble. The poster in the screenshot might actively want to see T_D burn and might actively want right of center discussion pushed further into the fringes.
Eh I've browsed /pol and they're really not our biggest fans. A lot of them are racist anti-semites and we really wouldn't fit in at all.
Am Australian. Who is this 4 chan?
I recall something about him...
If ever there was a time to solicit the autists, it is now.
They have awoken the autists!  Bad decision.
Are there any good alternatives to reddit? We need a backup before they abort T_D.
Time to call Conde Nast and bitch about being triggered by advertisements?
~Awoo 2 U 2,Big Brudder <3
Wonder if hannity will mention the quarantine tmrw
Pol's got our backs this will be fun i apologize for making fun of pol in the past
[Born to shitpost] (http://imgur.com/gallery/77DgBFb)
I don’t know how to 4chan tho
Regardless of what website you use, we are all patriots and all recognize when unjust censorship, amongst other shady-ass dealings, is going down.
Hell yes!!!!! Pol never ever forgets.
Tbf i dislike 4chan. The reason i lurk td is because ive never seen something racist over here and u cant say the same about 4chan.
Have at it!
I've never experienced this much censorship in my entire life. I have never seen this much censorship since the days of the USSR. 

We are being dragged into a socialist era and the people that have the power to protect voters are doing nothing.
Unleash The Autists
Oh shit, here we go again.
Allez allez, all you 4chan comrades!
Boi charge your phone
Old Btard here,

&#x200B;

▲

▲ ▲

&#x200B;

Here are my credentials.
If anything, the black and jewish people on 4chan larping as white guys don't want us CivNats invading their board and spreading cancer.  That alone is enough to get them riled up.  Then again, they might just watch us burn for the lols and post gore to clear out the normies....
Haven’t seen this since the CNN Meme War
Once united, these great forces will strike with a frog-like vengeance the likes of which has never been seen before.
Censorship was probably the worst possible button for them to press, and they didn't just press it they smashed it.

If history tells us anything, if you silence what you perceive to be a minority you explode them into a majority. If they truly cared about silencing supporters of our sitting honorable President Trump, they might have thought twice about what they were doing.

From where I sit, this is a win on all fronts.  

MAXIMUM ENEGRY.  Saddle up.
Tick tock
The Reddit admins: https://youtu.be/OHO2LTJBnSY
God bless those who fight for the truth and fight against evil.
who is this 4chan? [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ivCo9UN\_9jo](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ivCo9UN_9jo)
I can't go on 4Chan, I'm not a nazi. /s
Been lurking for ~9 years. Still not ready 😔
4Chan doesn't have solidarity amongst themselved.
Service guarantees citizenship.
I have so much free time now that there are fewer articles to read, so I'm getting to the projects I've been meaning to get to, like sending donations to Project Veritas, based Amy (she took nose hair sissors to the Trump balloon, that's why it didn't fly in London at the beginning of the month!) and carpe whatever, will have to look that one up. Been on my to do list for ages. I did donate to Judicial Watch last week.
Rule 1: Lurk moar.

Rule 2: See Rule 1, newfag.
We see you, fren

 https://imgur.com/LSNYgKC.jpg
> it's frequented by alphabet agencies

it's almost like the hostile foreign intel services operating there have you duped into believing it's only our guys dickin' around.
I'm still trying to erase the traps from my mind.
I tried going there when i got banned from here. Such a strange place, i couldnt figure it out
4chan isn't too bad if you lurk before making an ass of yourself.
Voat though, holy shit, they are in this perpetual anti anybody new circlejerk.
He's the super hacker that is evil!  That's what CNN told me at least!
Elite Russian hackers.  There are said to be four of them.  (Or, on occasion, eight)
Probably a system admin
Namibian Daylily growing forum
So if the ratio was 385k "reddit subscriber" vs 6,014,248 PRECISELY... back then ... what is it now, with 708k "reddit subscribers" when the actual count must be over 11 million...?
Yeah Reddit doesn't understand that Media Matters exists to defend the old top-down information model, and is not their ally in this fight.
4chan hates the average redditor, which is a lefty hipster with a neckbeard.
But they hate censorship even more
That is their credo (so endearing). But they've always been a strange sort of associate and ally nonetheless.
4chan hates 4channers
I purchased the paid version of Sync for reddit on Android back several years ago. I haven't seen an ad since at least 2013. I absolutely refuse to browse this site in any other way. Best $5 I've ever dropped on an app.
Reddit still gets paid for you being a subscriber and viewing pages. They sell personal page views not clicking links. Tho I'm sure that's added.
Ah, the impersonal army is right on time.
Yeah..but if they kick us out, we're just gonna follow you home to 4chan.

You dont want *that* now, do you?
🐸 👌
4chan aint that scary, I've been on there since I was 12, just /b/ can get.... interesting
nope. I don't like it either
That's just one guy who posts a lot.
Telegram is the same unfortunately... I was disappointed so many of the channel I joined were beyond trash.
Old vet from the early social justice skirmishes here in 2014. Looks like I'll be coming out of retirement. Just one last job.
Well when you have people erasing history... they tend to forget about those types of examples.
But.... You're on T_D... Does not compute... Error... Error...
CNN says that's illegal
agreed.
Cuck
Lurk moar newfag.
That's the point.

The only solidary should be the truth.

The chans force individuals to back up their claims, harsh criticism is the filter that separates half truth from real truth. Chans will sniff out insincerity.

No solidarity on the chans isn't a bad thing, but it's the reason why it's gained a reputation as a vulgar site, they won't back you just because of who you are. You need to be able to back up each individual claim you make, or they will rip your idea apart.
*desire to know more intensifies*
KeK
\> posts rules 

\> reddit spacing

\> claims to be an oldfag


Am I doing it right?
It's like a video game. You need a certain level of experience to understand half of what's on 4chan
It's a special place if you value free speech, but you need to learn how  to separate the valuable information from the vast sea of shillposts.
Lurk moar. It's that simple
400 pounds
Neckbeards are cancer.
Well they're no great fans of us. They see us as a kind of stupid little brother that copies them all the time.
What they hate about T\_D redditors is that they think you guys are a bunch of Zionist cucks who foolishly think civic nationalism will work, while banning anyone who speaks badly about Israel or even darns to bring up White demographics. That's what I learned from being there
You sir are worse than Hitler.
I have three layers of ad blocking firewalls that say you're wrong.

I block at the browser level, the DNS level and the IP level.  I'm not seeing ads.
There is always one more job
“I’m gettin too old for this shit”
Are you working again John :)
You're a legend in the eyes of those who live on the meme battle fields. That's why you have to handle this mission yourself. How and where you make it, well that's up to you.



 Now go! Let the legend come back to life.
*Goes to closet*

*pulls out Adobe Photoshop license*

*brushes off dust*
Time to put on the uniform once again.
History may be the best example, but it's not the only example.
Wait a Quarantine of a group of people against their will. That is a concentration camp.

Reddit and the left just instituted a concentration camp for those that disagrees with them politically.  

Anyone who supports this Quarantine (concentration camp) supports concentration camps.
It's okay, I'm a redditor.

That's basically the same qualifications as a CNN Anchor, right?
I'm doing my part!
needs moar triforce
The other half is traps, gore, and other disgusting, yet self-explanatory posts.
Yea but would you let your retarded lil bro sleep out in the cold and rain if his landlord was a raging bitch and kicked him out for no good reason?
to be fair it is a little bit accurate?
it's largely d&c shilling.
Right you're not seeing them. But Reddit tracks what pages you view and sells that info to advertisers. Reddit doesn't give a fuk if you view the adds or not. They get paid because you exist.
Not once they’re dead and the corpse is burned.
but you do it, and dig up more shit to be tired of.  it is our life.
goodnight Jimmy
I like this idea. I can see meme potential.
Concentration camp for 💭 thoughts
▲

▲ ▲
newfags can't
Fair point
I mean, how retarded?
Only big brothers can pick on little brothers. Way it always is.
Every stereotype has a grain of accuracy.
[can’t beat the clock Riggs](https://youtu.be/Q37xJtuQ24w)
Like the cool, lovable kind of retard
Ok, sold!
I brought my helmet and my crayons!
With retard strength.
[C R A Y O N S !](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=era266Rg4pU)
t_d was always very much pro law enforcement
Rumor has it this was because of the Oregon Governor sending cops to round up Republican lawmakers to  come back to vote on bills before their state chambers.  and people voicing discontent against this particular Gov, Translated somehow into "T\_D Is making threats against the Cops"

&#x200B;

This should be taken with a grain of salt as I do not know if it is confirmed.
I'm very proud to also say I've only seen positive pro-police messages on TD.
I've seen a couple of shitty comments, taking things too far and out of hand - but they're always downvoted/deleted with few to no replies. 

Whereas on a daily basis the main 'popular' subreddits that you are subscribed to by default have tonnes of anti-conservative, anti-trump, anti-'wrongthink' and pro-violence comments. Everyday Political Humour has a rant on people having a differing opinion to them. 

I've literally never seen anyone on this sub react badly to someone trying to gather more information or dip their toe into the centre/right. There's a whole shtick about getting new members a coat for god sakes. 

Fuck reddit.
I've been here since there were only 17k subscribers 2016, watched the numbers skyrocket, check in a few times a day; I have never seen anything anti-police EVER...this sub loves the police, ICE, soldiers...every now and then we would get infiltrated by haters trying to make us look bad and they would get 'removed' almost immediately. They  had to make up something.  It shows how powerful t\_d has become in getting the news Out There...We live in crazy times.
Ironic that Reddit is blaming US with threatening police. HAHAHA
After giving it some thought, I've realized that admins of Reddit are quite aware that t_d would never condone violence against police.  The fact that Reddit admins are purposely misrepresenting the situation because their personal political opinions are different than ours worries me deeply.  These people are actually celebrating the effects of what they know to be false accusations.

This will backfire on them.  The whole absurd idea that the large social media companies can somehow expunge conservative ideas is laughable.  Censorship of these ideas will only result in spreading them far and wide, ESPECIALLY in the age of the internet.
People who hate this sub have been coming in here and making racist and violent threats since the primaries...its no different than the FBI using their own false evidence as reason to prosecute people.
I'm with ya SwampMidget, I  have been on T\_D as a member since Aug 1 2017. was reading it as a lurker since it's inception...

&#x200B;

nothing but love for  our police & law enforcement - border patrol..... a quick scan of millions of posts will confirm that...easliy

&#x200B;

it's all baseless lies....not real TD users, shills cucks and Media matters, big tech censorship
Been here since 2015. The only objectively actionable content I've seen has been downvoted to oblivion and/or removed before it leaves New, and later turned out to be false flag efforts from CTH and AHS users.
The mods clean them up as soon as they see them.  The reddit admins coordinated the anti-cop posts so they could administratively remove them before the_donald mods could get to it.
Curious how no active T_D user ever sees these threats, but Media Matters "happens" to find hundreds of comments.

I'm not supposed to give my opinion, buuuuut....
I've been here almost as long and I too have never seen anything like what their claiming.
I was reading many of the Oregon threads for updates and don't remember seeing any calls for violence against cops..

I'll read the liberal articles for citations to said calls for violence later but I don't remember running into any.
Same here!
His name was Seth Rich.
Me too I remember when we were approximately 10k subs. Never once have I seen any threat against officers that wasn't from a shill that got deported from the sub.
This whole shitstorm seems about as legit as the nazi flags in Charlottesville.
It's such bullshit. Of all the fucking things to accuse us Trump supporters of, THAT is what they picked? Absolutely ridiculous.
"Pigs in a blanket fry them like bacon" - Black Lives Matter https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kQrnEdjQWKI
I'm here every damn day... 4-6 hours, There is never anything like this that wouldn't be snuffed out immediately by us.
Because it absolutely couldn't have been Share Blue Shills as a pretext for quarantine when needed.
This is a new precendent that reddit needs to follow to show that they aren't blatantly deplatforming conservatives. if i go to redacted and say "fuck the police" then they should get quarantined too!
Nah man, you don't understand. In a community with >750,000 members, the most active community on the site, where the front page of /new has a 15 minute turnover throughout the day, a dozen or so people made posts that got no traction and disappeared under the pile, or posted a comment in a thread with 1,000 replies that got all of 3 upvotes, which violated the site rules and weren't reported to the mods to be removed, therefor T_D is guilty of noncompliance and the whole community has to be relegated to the virtual ghetto.

I wonder how long the rest of reddit would last if the rules were applied fairly across every subreddit? Something tells me you could find plenty of "violations" on narrative-approved subs like /politics, /blackpeopletwitter, /politicalhumor, etc, which no one cares to enforce.
Even Ancaps are appalled...  really says a lot, when "it's a private company" is their usual go-to argument.
Gosh, I remember months ago me saying I wanted to punch somebody in the throat jokingly, creepy porn lawyer, I believe it was, and I was banned immediately for a few days.  Nobody threatens violence here.  It is an outright lie.
This is the most pro police sub there is, They literally couldn't have picked a more false narrative to go with.
It's hilarious, how could they POSSIBLY spin the sub that CONSTANTLY POSTS PRO-POLICE CONTENT into a sub that is apparently posting threats against LEO's? I don't think we cold find a single person here who is against the police, let alone one that wants to hurt them...
I'd bet anything it was all a shill or a team of shills. it's comically obvious. it's a leftist tactic to call for violence while playing the victim.

commie trash tbh
So true. I went to a free speech rally after Trump was elected, and people were chanting stuff like, "Blue lives matter!" BLM, on the other hand, has openly called for violence against police officers, yet doesn't get called out by the media. Who it has assaulted as well at times.
I was on here since there were only 10,000 Pede's (different account that I couldn't renew due to job email change) we have never been ANYTHING but pro-law enforcement. This is a scam and even people who aren't on this sub can scroll back and find that out.
That's because it never happened.
Of course you didn't, because the people who posted that immediately screenshotted their own post and forwarded it to MM before it got deleted ten seconds later.
Duh, it was reddit and their leftist agenda that did it just in time for the Democrat debates.
They created accounts to post rule violating shit, then second accounts to report those.

It's simple.
#Back The Blue
I'm law enforcement, I wouldn't be here if I was threatened. Reddit suck my fucking dick soy boys.
I usually ignore obvious bait/troll posts because I’m not a “run to mommy” kind of snowflake. I guess I should hit that report button 100 times a day in other subs now?  I mean, I have better things to do but I could make time if it’s necessary.
That’s because they obviously made fake accounts and made shit up

ALL THESE PEOPLE DO is lie to win. And they still lose.

Fascist loser cucks.
Neither have I.
It's nonsense.  Such threats are commonplace on reddit and ignored.
99% of the questionable posts on here are from throw away account. Likely left-wing nuts that posts crazy shit to try and get us banned.
I’m on this site every day and never read any post or comments calling for violence.  The overlords are fearing losing control and must silence dissent.  They are just strengthening our resolve. Trump 2020 landslide!🇺🇸
I've been here a long time too. Initially it was a morbid sense of curiosity back when I was anti Trump. I was literally looking for negative things to confirm Trump was evil and instead I became a proud MAGA supporter.
The claim is that being in support of the congress defending themselves from being kidnapped by state officials is a threat against the officials looking to kidnap them.
Been here daily since April/May 2016, never seen any calls to violence, especially towards police officers. Reddit admin cucks are liars and cheats, just like the rest of their authoritian leftist cohorts, Fuck them all, they are sour grapes.
Im on here every single day and I didnt notice what was posted in the media matters article... hell, even when I was shown a list of "50 of the worst things on TD" with links, I never noticed any of what was shown to me... And even if they can pick 50 posts that corroborate their claims, for every post they find here that backs up their accusations ( real or fake ) there are probably 50,000+ posts / comments with the complete opposite sentiment... All of which are conveniently ignored...
The comments were largely focused on the ideal of protecting free speech, the 2nd Amendment  and the abuse of tyrants. Far different from what they claim was said.
Because there never was any threats other than threats that were fabricated by others who wanted us banned. A lot of people probably commented threats on their alts and then reported it on their mains to get us banned, sadly this is a pretty common technique to get subreddits banned
Any comment regarding violence to police on this sub would have been downvoted to California
I HAVE seen calls for violence, and a lot of homophobes - BUT NEVER - Not even ONCE - seen an anti police post.

&#x200B;

We all, and I include myself in this, need to be diligent in reporting the assholes who want to glorify violence, or cheer on justified shootings like we're winning at some game. All killing, justified or not - has terrible cost. To the shooter (yes, even justified!), to the families, to the communities. We should want to improve relations and the economy to make violence as outmoded in American society as it deserves to be.
T_D has always been a bastion of sanity and moderation. I have never seen a single call to violence. To the contrary, I have seen many calls to decency and moderation. 

This is why the Reddit overlords seek to marginalize T_D. We speak in the language of decency and memes. This represents a true threat to the nonsensical bullshit that the left continuously vomits. 

Eventually, I expect T_D to be banned. I hope that, in advance of this inevitability, the stage mods of T_D secure and promote the next landing pad.
I’ve been here since the beginning as well... this subreddit follows the rules. Reddit changes the rules and algorithms to keep us down. They hate Trump and they hate America.
Ditto
Thats like saying FuckTheAltRight sub got quarantined for threats against MSNBC anchors. It just doesn't make any sense
It’s classic blame as I do.
I can only imagine JP's reaction on being called a Nazi.
Media Matters cites shit like “burn Portland to the ground” as a threat of violence. Disingenuous fucks. Never seen a direct threat to people, and I’m willing to bet the Mods would be all over that shit if there were threats.

Fuck the left. Fucking fascists.

THIS MESSAGE IS NOT A THREAT. I WOULD NEVER FUCK A LEFTIST.
This is so obviously a setup.
Very pro law enforcement, the most pro law enforcement.  Out of all subs there has never been a more pro law enforcement sub. I know it, you know it, everyone knows it (Trump voice)
SO MUCH THIS! We love our boys in blue
LEO here.  I wouldn’t have hung around the past couple years if this sub hated LEOs.  They’re just doing what they do best, projecting.
I want proof from the Admins of what they are trying to sell or I expect this quarantine to be over post Democrat debate.
That’s because almost every comment cited in the Media Matters “report” had less than a dozen upvotes and all of them were removed by moderators once they were brought to their attention.
MeToo
I've been here from the start as well.

It's funny to me, I stopped reading and posting to /politics and other subs years ago because of the moderator bias and the constant hate my views and myself for having them was getting.  Just vile and obscene things in my pms for saying things like 'better dead than red" or defending the constitution, capitalism, individualism, or freedom.  

On T_d I would report at least 3 to 10 posts per day for violence but you could tell from the post history that they were butt hurt people from other subs Trying to get us banned.     No one could catch all of them.

The left is losing the argument.   The hypocrisy, and just clown world idiocy non-logic of the left is not winning people over, only the brainwashed, confused, or evil are on their sides now.. and every day people who had voted for them for years were waking up due to the memes and content focused on illustrating the ridiculousness of their positions were coming to our side.    The sure sign that they have lost the argument is they are silencing everyone they can.. if you can't win the argument you just try to stop the argument before it draws anymore people from blindly voting for your side.

Not even the 'minority' people on this sub supported BLM or Fuck your flag..   We started the Blue lives matter and the All lives matter counter movements.  We aren't the ones who are out in the streets attacking cops verbally and physically.  We're not the ones calling for the abolishment of LEO agencies and demonizing them as 'death squads"

But the reason they used to quarantine and next ban this sub doesn't really matter.  It would be something.  it has more to do with the recent leaks and the political attention to this 203 clause differentiating publishers from platforms that has started and with the lead up to the election.

But they don't want us gathering and sharing our ideas, jokes, facts, or opinions on a messaging board so they are banning post google leak and prior to the election to try to prevent another "Trump situation"

I suppose all I can do until I'm banned and run off completely from the site is to peruse the other subs and just report every instance of harassment and hate that is spewed against us.  I was having too much fun here to do this before.  they have rooms full of people paid to either post violent or racist posts here and others to report those same posts..   We don't have to fake violent and harassing posts so that means we could focus just on reporting it.  but when did pointing out the violent left or their hypocrisy ever do any good?

Maybe they are right.  We shouldn't be gathering on a message board.  Maybe it's time to take it to the streets.  

We could gather in a major city every Sunday and exercise our Constitutionally protected rights.    Or We could just go where Anti-1a are showing their ass and support our LEO's.
That’s what I’ve been saying!! I’ve been here since 2015 and NEVER have seen anything but love for our boys in blue. This was such a pathetic hit job
Honestly this sub is on average even more pro-cop than I am.  You guys understand the nuance of having police and a standing army while maintaining the right to bear arms pretty well.  I'd love to see the offending comments but I'm sure they don't actually exist.
The quotes in that media matters hit piece sounds like a leftist. Only leftist talk like that
It's just silly
NO SHIT.  but what do you expect from george sorros?   but it's cool if THAT foreigner meddles in our elections.
Never was any threat. This is just Reddit's plan in motion to censor conservatives and remove any forums where they can gather. This is just a step in their plan before the debates.
It was surely a leftist shill
Over the past couple of years, subs like top mind and against hate have had example comments from TD.  


Any I've seen had been downvoted, shill or bottom feeder comments.

A regular TD visitor typically would not see such trash.  Must be some powerful ai bot finding this stuff.


Nothing at all like redacted, vitrol voted to the top every time.
Majority of the comments in the media matters article had 1 upvote
I’ve been a member since like 2015-2016 under different accounts and I can testify to the same. So much for my brother (who’s here too) knowing my first and second accounts. Still bitter to this day.

If I could recover the 1st account I deleted I would in a heartbeat.
I've seen threats of violence against Muslims and illegal immigrants, but never cops
It's all made u BS.
That's because:  [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GM-e46xdcUo](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GM-e46xdcUo)
Same here. I've been around since the beginning (around 13k). This sub has always been super supportive of our law enforcement (minus the Broward Cowards, who are an embarrassment to the badge.).
Because they get deleted and it's just a few that were likely created by Sharia blue ops. Saying you'd defend your home is not being anti-police for one, but it's your typical projection op from the Hillary / alinsky playbook.
If there ever is a threat it’s a false flag and published by the left. Reddit knows it and runs with it
this was a hit job from the get go.  i would not doubt that they slipped someone inside our domreddit to make the posts and threats.  

&#x200B;

villainy is all they are good for, and the only thing they're good at.
We all know why this happened why this happened TODAY: day 1 of the Gimee Olympics!
I've been here since its inception, the very beginning, I also have NEVER seen any threats to law enforcement. Very much a pro boys in blue club here.
"There seems to be a pattern of behavior among leftist progressives: projection of your own reprehensible traits and behaviors on your opposition."

It's called "Alinsky's Rules for Radicals" which is an actual book which suggests that you accuse the target of what you are doing.
Just cuz you haven't seen something doesn't mean it doesn't exist.
Reddit should invite an independent review of their servers to determine if and when a threat took place.
The do not care about the police, or about the_donald.  Their objective is to draw attention away from the Project Veritas video about Google
Not once
You didn't see the posts by Media Matters fake accounts then, or the ones edited by Reddit admin "spez"?
Im positive that a company like Media Matters just used a dozen or so accounts, quick posted threats, reported them to the admins, and used that as "proof"

This sub is the most pro law enforcement sub on reddit obviously
The mods should demand proof of the Admins allegations. If there was supposedly death threats made by "new" posters, get the law involved, that's criminal.

Then criminally subpoena the accused(probably leftwing activists or reporters themselves) to find out who they are and blow wide open this action and charade by Reddit Admins and colluders to perform election interference.

To call this The_Donald anti-police is a literal slap in the face to this sub and inline with the leftists constant doublespeak. War is peace. Hate is love. The_Donald is anti-police.
Alinsky tactic: accuse the enemy of the thing you are guilty of.
Me either.  I've been a  member since before the election and can not honestly remember one single reference to violence against police personnel. 

I read it ALL THE TIME in other subs though!
Me and you both brother, I don't buy any of their shit claims for a minute.
This is the most pro LEO community on the internet.
I believe I saw one over a year ago, it was from someone who was clearly a leftist / cuck. I immediately reported them to the admits and deported them.
Pound Me Too
I’ve been here in one form or another since the RNC debates, before anyone took trump seriously as a candidate. 

The only time I ever see borderline comments, they were way down at the bottom, downvoted, and only minutes old since anything older was already removed as a rules violation. 

Classic hit job, here. I had a strong feeling they wouldn’t allow this sub to survive into the actual election campaign. They’re just too desperate to manipulate to get their way.
Read an article on the whole situation, can't find it now. Basically what they're saying constitutes "calls of threats against LEO" boils down to "we're going to stand our ground." Only in clown world would "I'm going to defend myself against anyone that threatens constitutional rights, mine or the ones of those that concern me" is equivalent to "kill cops".
Same here. And I sort by new.
comments containing threats do exist, but mods take care of the any upvoted ones.  and the ones who remain are blatant lunatics or trolls that nobody even reads
It's an obvious attempt to censor the\_donald. They're scared of the the 2020 re-election. /Politics is far worse than the\_donald, it's anti-trump so it's ok though (in their eyes). That project veritas video pretty much confirmed what they are planning. We need Trump to actually do something though, surely he can see the damage this can potentially do to his 2020 campagin?
This was all planned by rAgainstHateSubreddits. If you've been browsing rwatchredditdie, you'd know all about them! The sub is full of scumbag anti-free speech cunts that flood subs with bannable material themselves and mass report them. Recent subs they have managed to ban are rfrenworld and rclownworldwar.
There was like one guy who said he would shoot anyone who tried to come and confiscate his guns.

Gun owners around me here in NC have been saying that for my entire lifetime. It's a given. Like, I can't believe anyone would even be surprised to hear that. We've literally talked about that with police officers and I've heard police officers here in NC say that they wouldn't go door to door even if the Feds came down from the top with that order because it would be suicidal.

The Second Amendment literally gives us the constitutional right to own and protect ourselves from people who would seek to come onto our land and requisition our property and subdue us. It's literally in the constitution and it's part of the reason why we stayed safe from communist thought infiltrating and taking seed here during the 1950s and 1960s post WW2.
 Not even once, it’s prima-facie bullshit
We didn't see it because it was planted reported to the media then deleted. Obvious hit job by lefty faggots with TDS.
I've never seen thatcshitbheteceithere... And I'm on like 5+ hours a day!
> I've been a t_d member from start and have NEVER seen ANY threat against law enforcement.

I mean... read the article. It's there right in screenshots....
[removed]
This sub has always been under attack by Media Matters (CTR/ShareBlue - same thing).  They create alt accounts and post inflammatory shit to try and get our sub banned.  They've been doing it since July of 2016 when Media Matters paid spez $2.7 million to be the only moderators of the politics sub as part of their $44 million social media takeover strategy.  This is no different than what Jussie Smollet did.  Their side can't survive when faced with the truth so they have to make up lies to get opposition shut down.  They did the same thing to O'Reily, tried to do the same to Hannity and Carlson.  Every single one of their employees and financial backers are the enemy of this country.
I have read and posted on T_D daily since early 2016 (under different handles).

I have never once seen a threat of violence against law enforcement on this Domreddit.

Further, President Trump himself is the most vocal supporter of law enforcement and the military to occupy the White House in modern history.

The majority of comments I see here regarding police are positive, except in certain threads alleging police brutality/complaining about certain laws.

However, leftists routinely encourage and commit violence against police and other citizens, particularly groups such as BLM and Antifa, which are praised or at least tolerated elsewhere on Reddit.

Reddit is once again applying a double standard and persecuting a large, mainstream community of users for the supposed "crime" of supporting the duly-elected president of the United States.

I make it a point to represent the pro-police perspective 100% of the time, and even in negative threads, to remind people that the actions of a minority are not equivalent to all or even most police officers.

Law enforcement is a crucial function in our society, and literally allows the law, and thus our society and country, to exist.

Cops are human beings, and human nature means sinfulness. However, American police are typically thoroughly vetted during the hiring process, and are usually highly law-abiding and principled individuals, if not perfect.

Anyone who has a problem with certain laws, such as drug laws, civil asset forfeiture, "quorum-busting" laws, etc., should remember that it is called law enforcement, and not law creation, for a reason.
**WE HAVE YOUR EMAILS P0DESTA**

https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=OxZmRO4ZPKg
We're not the ones calling ICE the gestapo or SS. What a clown world we truly live in.
We're so pro law enforcement it's probably excessive.  

 go look at certain antifa subs and see what they say about cops. [lookin at you, r / anarchism ]
IS.
Been here since Jan 2016.  Can validate everything you're saying.  The rare few times I've seen peculiar behavior it's been from new accounts.  No one with any post history here speaks poorly about cops or military.
I’m still in the dark about the entire “Oregon” ordeal. So I certainly couldn’t have made hate-comments about it if I didn’t even know it existed lol
I wouldn’t be surprised if people actually believed that. The left are delusional, they like to spin a story from nothing
Also, you know, the overt threats of violence.
On any SubReddit if you defend police you are downvoted and the heinous "kill pigs" rhetoric is highly upvoted..thank you racist sub blackpeoppetwitter
Because it's fucking shills doing it. Coordinated attack to paint us as violent. Mods could never have deleted it fast enough. We're dealing with scum posing as centipedes.
All they need to do is coordinate 25-50 people to post shitty things on a subreddit for a particular topic and bam, they can get whatever subreddit they want removed.  To think that this wouldn't be used on the 5th most popular website in the world to influence the election is asinine.
When the Raptors' general manager got into it with a police officer during the NBA finals, the NBA subreddit had an anti cop hard on for weeks (they still do mind you.) They should be quarantined too if that's the new Reddit standard. And I am talking about entire threads of 400 plus being anti police.
That’s the point. Of course bad shit will appear sooner or later and it doesn’t even have to be shills. But they literally take a snapshot of reality and claim it’s eternal truth.
we are a LEGION of PATRIOTS
> every now and then we would get infiltrated by haters trying to make us look bad and they would get 'removed' almost immediately.



"Hey there fellow alt-righter.  What say we get together after the country music concert and commit violence against nonwhites?!  I'll be waiting by the exits making the secret fascist ok symbol with my pointing finger and thumb."
No kidding. I heard a quote once... can't remember who said it but it went something like "Accuse your enemies of that which you are doing to create confusion." I think that may apply here. Maybe.
https://i.imgur.com/KQWg8iO.jpg
This is their final play before banning the subreddit for good, this is simply a step along the way to reaching that goal. This sub has a few more months of existence, six months at best. 


There's absolutely no other reason for them to be making this play now other than for this sole reason. The members of the_d need a backup ASAP.
you mean like "oh lookie here, we found PEDOPHILIA PHOTOS on your hard drive (5 minutes after they plant the evidence on the hard drive)  it's very typical of the corrupt part of the FBI to do...
Totally makes me think of 2015-2016 Trump rally livestreams full of spambots repeatedly flooding chat with 'smelly nwords' including super bogus avatars and everything.  It didn't work then, it's not going to work now!
You realize the FBI is the highest law enforcement agency in the country right?  So are you with law enforcement or against them?
What's really f'd up is that the admin KNOW these accusations are b.s.  They are willing to go along with what they know to be a fabrication (or have actually created), simply because we they disagree with our politics.  This is textbook fascism!
> Me too I remember when


\#metoo
> ... that they aren't blatantly deplatforming conservatives.

ummmmm
Not sure if CPL counts since technically he's reptilian not human.
I've seen me a wholelotta of cshitbheteceit, especially after a week long meth binge.  But I've never seen any threats against police on t_d.
Bye
Yea, cause Media Matters is a shill organization that serves absolutely no purpose other than to censor and de-platform conservatives.  They understand that the left has absolutely zero facts of logic to support their position and that the only way to trick people into believing the b.s. they spew is to censor everyone that would dare to shine a light on their destructive dribble.
Funny thing is that the mods posted the moderation log, which shows the posts that the admins stepped in to remove. There were only a small handful, about what you'd expect from random bad eggs or outsiders trying to poison the well. The number of people here calling for harassment of law enforcement is an insignificant portion, comments of that nature are essentially nonexistent, and posts of that nature just don't exist.

I don't know how reddit thinks they can spin this when there's clear evidence to contradict them.
This needs it's own post with sources.
Same thing happened to greatawakening.
Everyone one Reddit knows about the Oregon thing except for... The Donald.  Seriously, I'm here daily and I've never seen anything like it.
Thread: 
https://reddit.app.link/jPGd7SspQX
Someone gave me this link https://www.mediamatters.org/research/2019/06/24/A-pro-Trump-subreddit-is-full-of-calls-for-violence-in-support-of-Oregon-Republicans/224018

I can agree that is definitely not a constructive thread and should have been closed.
exactly
I got downvoted on all kinds of subs for this. It's insane. They talk about killing and hurting cops all the time.
Agent provocateurs.  Same shit as Charlottesville (which was the same shit as the Euromaidan's svoboda march [tiki torches, red/black flag, 'blood and soil'], ending in a violent coup d'etat)
[removed]
They will keep coming after this sub....this is just the start.
Worst part is that on CERTAIN SUBREDDITS that exact same 'bad shit' WILL appear almost instantly.

Rules for thee.
Flynn's army of digital soldiers.
We can go to a KEK dance afterwards and compare Glocks ;)  - I'm surprised we weren't quarantined for Sunday Gunday!
Yep. Quarantine is just a step they take to give them some plausible-sounding cover that they tried to be reasonable. Given that there is not even any justification for the quarantine, nobody should kid themselves that they will be reasonable from here on out.

Admins have tried everything to minimize and contain this subreddit for ideological reasons for three years now. They have failed at every step, so banning it is all they have left. It is imminent, so be prepared.
Why you shitting on the FBI like that? You have any interesting sources to back up those claims?
The bigger the lie the greater their apparent power as they get away with it.

The Emperor’s New Scarf wouldn’t be as big deal as The Emperor’s New Clothes.
Yeah, but you can still punch reptiles.
Well it isn't 1994, even if this place is totally banned we ain't going anywhere.
Thanks, that’s some crazy stuff. Even crazier that I couldn’t find it
https://i.redd.it/wlhfjsb37i631.png
What's next, you want conservatives to be jailed? Lynched?
lol just realized our posts above could be used as evidence for t_d members calling for violence.
I don't agree with shitting on the FBI, but there are certain tools that were exposed in vault 7 (I think that was the vault number) that allowed our government to do just that.

Just because it isn't done all of the time, doesn't mean that it hasn't or won't happen.
But even then, 'no violence against animals' rule.
They don't give a fuck about us. Even at the 7.5 million this sub is likely at that's a small percentage compared to their entire site. These sites would love to lose us and any revenue from us (which should be none). They would then control the bubble and therefor the narrative. They could direct people towards politicians that support only their positions and easily censor the others. This is only the tip of the problem. Unfortunately Online medium is beyond our control at this point, we'll have to trust our elected officials to do whats right.... Wonder if project veritas has anything on reddit...
Reddit has sucked for a while, this place was a redoubt of sanity, but there's a whole lot of internet out there.
Yes, but most of the big boys are playing by the exact rules reddit is.
Dude if people from here go to 4chan it's gonna be wild as fuck. That place has no filter.
I can't figure out how it works. I want this, or another like this, but a thing on it's own. How difficult would it be to make one and how much would it cost to host?
more like 8chan or voat, cause 4chan was taken over by regressive leftists after moot went regressive.
Payment processors shut you down!
It's really not that different. You tag a post you're replying to and you can mouse over to see the link if you need to.

Everything is in time order so there's no downvoting shit.

Honestly we're probably going to have to go there within the next few months. They are almost certainly going to ban us.
nah pol is still pol the rest of the boards are full of fabbits though
Woah woah! You know this is hate speech, imperialist, and racist?
Fucking bigot posting nazi propaganda
Take my goddamn upvote, you glorious sonofabitch!
This flag represents the call to violence of the revolutionary war (where some people did some things). Clearly a violation of reddits communist manifesto
I AM THE FLAG
I am the flag of the United States of America.

My name is Old Glory.
I fly atop the world's tallest buildings.
I stand watch in America's halls of justice.
I fly majestically over institutions of learning.
I stand guard with power in the world.
Look up and see me.

I stand for peace, honor, truth and justice.
I stand for freedom. I am confident.
I am arrogant. I am proud.
When I am flown with my fellow banners,
My head is a little higher,
My colors a little truer.
I bow to no one!
I am recognized all over the world.
I am worshipped - I am saluted.
I am loved - I am revered.
I am respected - I am feared.

I have fought in every battle of every war for more than 200 years.
I was flown at Valley Forge, Gettysburg, Shiloh and Appamatox.
I was there at San Juan Hill, the trenches of France, in the Argonne Forest, Anzio, Rome and the beaches of Normandy.
Guam, Okinawa, Korea and KheSan, Saigon, Vietnam know me.
I was there. I led my troops.
I was dirty, battleworn and tired,
but my soldiers cheered me and I was proud.

I have been burned, torn and trampled on the streets of countries
I have helped set free. It does not hurt for I am invincible.
I have been soiled upon, burned, torn and trampled in the streets of my country.
And when it's done by those whom I've served in battle - it hurts.
But I shall overcome - for I am strong.
I have slipped the bonds of earth and
stood watch over the uncharted frontiers of space from my vantage point on the moon.
I have born silent witness to all of America's finest hours.
But my finest hours are yet to come.
When I am torn into strips and used as bandages for my wounded comrades on the battle field,
when I am flown at halfmast to honor my soldier,
or when I lie in the trembling arms of a grieving parent at the grave of their fallen son or daughter,

I am proud.
I am the flag of the United States of America.

Originally entitled, My Name is Old Glory by Howard Schnauber
© 1994 the author
Quarantine this dick, Nazi admins.
Oddly missing in the Dem debate tonight
*Heavy globalist breathing*
Hey, isn’t that the flag that’s been on the moon for 50 years?
You're literally Hitler
I pledge allegiance...
Stop threatening police officers, ok?  ok?
Is this advocating police violence?

🤔🤔🤔🤔
never gets old
Surely, nobody would downvote this symbol of unity for all stripes of Americans, now would they?
I am so hot for 'Murcia right now and this is only getting me hotter!
Things not found at the Democrats’ debate!!
Should be facing backwards right now.
This is the kind of stuff Reddit quarantines.
This flag will be banned in 5-7 years unless the Left is stopped. They are out of control.
Supporting American values in now un-American
#ARREST THIS MADLAD
Me simple man. Me American. Me see flag, me upvote.
Mods, please delete this racist, sexist, transphobic content.
careful, thats a call for violence
You can tell this is hate speech by the lack of a blue stripe advocating for our police.
Needs NSFW tags. People get fired for looking at this at work.
Didn’t see this at the debates
Are you sure this is the American flag? I didn't see it anywhere in the DNC debate...
How could you do this to me. Really the flag?
I just went from six to ~~midnight~~ MAGA.
 *salute*  

This we'll defend.  To the end!
That's one more flag than a DNC debate!
U S A
U S A
U S A
U S A
U S A
'Merica fuck ya!
Oh no, please don’t quarantine me!
what do you know, you post in t\_d.
Don't forget homophobic
Somebody quarantine this shit.
*Old* glorious sonofabitch\*
Not oddly, that is part and parcel of the Demonrat party these days. I am surprised they did not have the gay pride flag on prominent display.
To the flag...
just let it go to voice mail, problem solved
God your such a [insert buzzwords here]
...ist
Man I tell you, every time I go to bed I wonder what political bullshit I'll wake up to tomorrow, and my expectations are always shattered. 

I mean, quarantining  T_D for COP HATING??? WHAT?
[removed]
They make shit up as they go.
Make sure you all have ad blockers when browsing Reddit and remember not to pay for Reddit gold/silver/whatever.
I thought the liberals hated cops. Thats the best they can come up with lmfao?
So all it takes is like 5 accounts, probably bots, to get a whole sub banned?
7.3k TD upvotes. To put that in perspective there have been 40k+ active on the site all day. The top upvoted post is what? like 5k? I’m pretty sure they divide upvotes by 10. you’ll also note normally we sit aroung 10k online, figure we doubled due to drama at best, meaning they cut our “Active Users” by half and them quarantining us broke that, too (it’s broken before and we’re usually about 25k here when it does).

There are a _LOT_ more of us than they want us to know.
I suspect a karma farming account posted things buried in a post that didn't really have any traction, then that was used as "evidence".
What nonsense, The\_Donald is one of the single most pro-cop subs on this site lmao.
Reddit is fine with legislation that disproportionately impacts rural voters. They've now gone into the domain of redlining.
It's ridiculous.  Basically anyone can post a bunch of bullshit on a subreddit and that subreddit is held responsible.  A bunch of leftists can come here a post about how they want to lynch black people and unless the mods are omnipresent and  can respond instantly the sub reddit would get quarantined or banned.
Don't forget, none of this is real, folks.  We all know these are LIES.
They’re not looking at facts. Jokes on them though, they have no where to go reeee now. This might be better for the community.
But 7.3k out of 700k users only illustrates that only 1.03% of users are pro cop...checkmate drumphtard ~some lib probably
They are saying this because normies that use Reddit will 100% be on their side.

Threatening police? Who is actually going to read past that headline. They have to keep them on their side. As if they go the site is fucked.
Yeah, it’s abhorrent that a bunch of flaming anti-cop leftist can accuse *US* of being “anti-police” and shut us down like this. I mean, I guess I shouldn’t be surprised anymore, but damn. What next? Are they gonna accuse of of being anti-2nd Amendment next?
They're mad that we don't support the thought police.
All downvotes coming from salty lefties.
There was a post in the Anarchism sub with hundreds of upvotes saying it was wrong to Q us for “threats to law enforcement” because...

the Anarchism sub openly threatens the police.
DID THE WORLD TURN UPSIDE DOWN? WERE REPUBLICANS AND CONSERVATIVES MARCHING IN THE STREETS CHANTING "PIGS IN A BLANKET"? OH WAIT THOSE WERE DEMOCRATS.
Same story on any other subreddit? It's a race to be the first "brave" Redditor calling for the murder of police
Meanwhile the leftist subs actually have many morons who are calling for the deaths of law enforcement and those with dissenting viewpoints. I saw some idiot in fucking /gaming of all places saying death to america earlier. 

&#x200B;

This is a fucking reach even for these brainlets. They could have at least tried making up something remotely believable.
This is about the most pro-police sub that exists.
We love all of our brave policemen and women here, don't we folks?
The fact that they chose police officer threats as a reason why they banned us shows you how fabricated the ban was. We are currently one of the only majority cop friendly subreddits
Almost as if they didn't understand anything about their opponents. HMMMM
This is reddit.  This was always the agenda.  They want to get rid of this sub bigtime because it goes against everything they stand for.  Lies, selling out your country, selling out your fellow citizens, etc etc etc.

I know this because Spez' bull overheard him talking about getting even with that "Nazi Donald Subreddit" earlier while he was entertaining the wife.  He let all of us know Spez said this on Discord.  

But honestly, Reddit is owned by a Chinese government owned company.  Did you really think the Chinese have anything good to say about Trump right now?  I wouldn't be surprised if this order came from the very top.
"The Titanic isn't sinking! Look! My half of the ship just rose 30 feet!"    

-This post title
Guys, Media Matters set this all up and lobbed Reddit admins a softball so they could have an excuse to do this.  Reddit has seen this kind of manipulative behavior for years and they know how to spot it. They know TD was set up.  They wanted an excuse to do this at this moment and media matters (shareblue) provided it.

&#x200B;

Guess what, as sure as you will wake up in the morning, they will find an excuse just as absurd to ban TD. It is inevitable.  It will happen.  

&#x200B;

You need to start frequenting Gab, Voat, and Bitchute if you haven't already.  Get an account and get set up.  DONATE AND PAY A MONTHLY SUBSCRIPTION FEE EVEN IF THEY DON'T ASK YOU!!!
In fact I challenge any Pinko Prog motherfucker to show me a community that supports police more than we do. We've always supported police AND we've always supported the rights of citizens, of states, free speech, free dissent.
It's so obvious why they are doing this: if they win 2020, America is blue forever. So they're doing whatever it takes.

(This comment is not a violent comment suggesting or promoting self-harm or other forms of violence, and in fact, looks upon such ideas as shameful)
Ban TD so we can fucking move.
They don't care about white cops helping black families because their hope is to keep us divided.

&#x200B;

Oldest trick in the book - but it's not going to work.

&#x200B;

We are UNITED.
And it was a year old video too
Pathetic excuse. Nothing to do with the elections....
The left hates cops. Wants to kill cops. But like T_D is bad. Orange man bad.
It’s their own twisted and insulting manner of dealing with us. They know that we support police. They could care less. They could quarantine us saying we incite violence against the President and it still wouldn’t matter. This is all a ruse because they’re weak buffoons who think they’re woke and our moral arbiters. That they think they have any more right to exist than we do is arrogance at it’s most retarded. 

One day the tables will be turned in some way for them and this technological manipulation and tactics won’t seem so great. They’ll wish they hadn’t taken it so far. That is my hope. That they learn the error of their ways and stop. But the left is so far gone I don’t think they know how or could be aware enough to put an end to the censorship.
Don't confuse them with facts... "Orange Man Bad" is the basis for all "legitimate" political thought these days it seems.
Pure projection and most likely a setup thought up by reddit administrators and left leaning subreddits.  Remember that many mods of places like chapo are also mods for default subs.
this is what american's do!
This video literally made me cry! I must be really against law enforcement...
never seen police hate on this sub, such fake ass stuff.
They really should've made up a more compelling reason. Clear bullshit. Is there another sub that supports cops *more* than The_Donald? Could be a but this place has to be in the top 5. I support the police 100% in 99% of cases. I'm pretty sure the vast majority of people here feel the same way.
Threaten police officers? When? 

These are threads on Reddit that openly espouse violence on police,  or are home to people that do. 

As someone who IN law enforcement,  I call BS!
They've got shill accounts coming in and  setting up the casus belli. Sending in agent provocateurs
Aww man, I remember upvoting that <3
Clearly racist.
Im very confused about this. This "quarantine" seems way out of left field for the objective that is stated. Does it even matter? Is the MM police going to get their way?
wtf is quaranteened is this permanent like we werent quaranteened before.
Finally, a top voted post from someone who has been here a while! We got sneakily brigaded. We trusted the mods and they fucking failed us so hard as all mods do.
As a democrat that lurks here this is so stupid.  You guys may incite some violence by calling us libtards and saying that we want to destroy America.  But cop hating???...???...???  WTF!
The only people who hate cops are the leftist and drug dealers.
 According to spezMaza, that able and heroic officer stole the baby.
And it’s got another 7.3k upvotes.  Huh
It diminishes us to try to answer their "charges."
I can almost guarantee we're the most pro-law enforcement subreddit on the whole site
Our expectations were low but HOLY FUCK!
Thats the democrat SOP since like 2015 - accuse the other side of everything you are.
I thought the same thing, what am I gonna get when I hit refresh on this dom, and boom.  Took me by absolute surprise.

I don't watch a lot of vids that are posted here, but I did take the time to watch this one in particular all the way through.  What an amazing video, truly!  That child's life above all else.  Inspiring stuff!

Makes me sick they'd want something like this hidden, but well, you know, it just doesn't have that cop-hating, racial tension nature to it, ya know?
When we officially get banned it should be "for not supporting Donald Trump" lol
Come out Spez. I want to fight you.
[removed]
Right? Thought I was going crazy. "Call for violence against police"...uh okay so blackpeopletwitter and publicfreakout should be gone lmfao
I have read and posted on T_D daily since early 2016 (under different handles).

I have never once seen a threat of violence against law enforcement on this Domreddit.

Further, President Trump himself is the most vocal supporter of law enforcement and the military to occupy the White House in modern history.

The majority of comments I see here regarding police are positive, except in certain threads alleging police brutality/complaining about certain laws.

However, leftists routinely encourage and commit violence against police and other citizens, particularly groups such as BLM and Antifa, which are praised or at least tolerated elsewhere on Reddit.

Reddit is once again applying a double standard and persecuting a large, mainstream community of users for the supposed "crime" of supporting the duly-elected president of the United States.

I make it a point to represent the pro-police perspective 100% of the time, and even in negative threads, to remind people that the actions of a minority are not equivalent to all or even most police officers.

Law enforcement is a crucial function in our society, and literally allows the law, and thus our society and country, to exist.

Cops are human beings, and human nature means sinfulness. However, American police are typically thoroughly vetted during the hiring process, and are usually highly law-abiding and principled individuals, if not perfect.

Anyone who has a problem with certain laws, such as drug laws, civil asset forfeiture, "quorum-busting" laws, etc., should remember that it is called law enforcement, and not law creation, for a reason.
They hate law enforcement when they're rounding up illegal aliens, but love them when they're rounding up Republican lawmakers. Not surprising though, liberals support anything so long at it immediately helps them and never consider what that power could be used for later. I'm sure none of them considered what happens when in the future a mega company censors all information they support and there's nothing they can do about it because we established this is acceptable behavior. 


Also the difference between the police rounding up illegal aliens vs the Oregon congressman is, as far as I'm aware, those congressmen didn't violate any laws. I'm sure nonetheless everyone here supports the law enforcement.
I couldn't be a more blatant false flag if they tried.
No Shit? **ADMINS = NAZI**
Yes, the amount of police filled hate on this website is disgusting. 90% of the time it’s on a front page anti trump post. These are the same people that will call the police as soon as they are in trouble.
Yes, the amount of police filled hate on this website is disgusting. 90% of the time it’s on a front page anti trump post. These are the same people that will call the police as soon as they are in trouble.
They took away our custom styling so it couldn't block downvotes or reporting. Our custom styling has NEVER blocked the downvote or report button like many other cuck subreddits do. They are literally making shit up out of thin air
"Rules for thee but not for meee"
The activists knowing lie for their cause, and their followers are too stupid to look into anything not handed to them. This is leftism.
Better yet, get them to give you gold, then throw silver at pro-Trump comments on the front lines
I know it's normal for anybody with a brain to start pointing out logical inconsistencies in an opponent's argument, but I ask everybody here: don't even consider the notion that they are acting in good faith and can be swayed by reason. Everybody knows this has happened to silence political choices with which the admins do not agree. Don't even humor their laughable attempts to deflect from that.

Make them own their choices, *then make them regret them*. Make them regret them by campaigning even more effectively and on even wider platforms than last time. Turn Twitter, Facebook and all the rest of then into a  never-ending goldmine of pro Trump memes. Force every liberal on the internet to read the truth every single day, in all the places they usually think they can hide from it.

Go big or go home, boys. They want to play for keeps this time. Go out and paint the whole fucking internet with all the things they are scared to hear.
I'm just gonna leave this here: http://magaimg.net/img/8b4l.png
They screenshotted it right away, before it had a chance to get removed.

(This comment is not a violent comment suggesting or promoting self-harm or other forms of violence, and in fact, looks upon such ideas as shameful)
The vote balance of the threads used as evidence were around 1800, 1300, 500, 180, 40 and 30.
They can wait for 2024 if not 2020.

Another period of civil unrest is coming, whether we're civil about things now or not.
Maybe only second to r talesfromthesquadcar
Its reverse psychology.
That has very much been my experience.
Hopefully the labor pool for that industry dries up here real soon.
Latestagecapitalism, publicfreakout and drama are just as bad. I've seen over a thousand comments calling for police to be murdered on those three subs alone. Disgusting.
Hard to believe those people are allowed to organize on there. Some of them are just lost causes drifting around but some of them are pretty bad.
First post I read this evening outside of T_D was full of police hate... and it was something on TIL
It was blocked to non-subscribers. We used to see daily upswings/downswings in the subscribed numbers as Brock's little nerd-virgins subbed just to downvote and then unsubbed at the end of their shift.
Wtf? Is that real? Insane!
Subtle to them is making a huge repression algo, incrementally. It’s been dropping (not linear to online count) more and more over the past 3 years or however long its been since they started it. Trash humans for sure.
I'm gonna have to go subscribe.
What a sub, thanks
Yeah they are trying to make people who would normally sub to this subreddit, hate it by saying things like "threating cops" etc.  


It's obviously not true but it's a new strat they seem to be rolling out
Not only that but the topic being discussed was spez's editing of *other redditor's comments*. After that I can't believe how anyone can take them seriously about what may or may not have been posted on this or any other part of reddit.

https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/c5srgt/chat_log_of_doom_reddit_admins_confess_admins/
Yes, I had the link of the chat log but lost it. It was reddit admins on a slack server talking about how to best go about getting rid of TD. Spez nonchalantly goes along with it and supports it.

This was from a few years back.

(This comment is not a violent comment suggesting or promoting self-harm or other forms of violence, and in fact, looks upon such ideas as shameful)
Maybe it's because most people here are too new to remember, but spez straight up admitted in an admin post to doing it.  The upvote counts are shrunk to make our posts look less dominant.
A lot of entertaining reads over there.  Those guys are heroes.
You're welcome, enjoy.
[removed]
That's why I want to go over there. I wanna hear stories from the horses' mouths, so to speak, instead of from the crooked media.
Your comment was automatically removed because you linked to an anti-Trump domain. Please use archive.is for this website so we do not give them any undeserved traffic.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/The_Donald) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Thats the weirdest thing for them to hoax, the biggest pro-law enforcement sub is quarantined for threatening violence against them? That's so stupid.
Yeah, I think they over played their hand on that.  No way this place is anti-police.  The truth is pretty obvious.
Literally the dumbest shit they could have came up with
They're mad that we don't support the thought police.
Everyone who posts here knows it. There has never been a better friend to law enforcement than Donald Trump.
There was a post in the Anarchism sub with hundreds of upvotes saying it was wrong to Q us for “threats to law enforcement” because...

the Anarchism sub openly threatens the police.
T\_D in 2016 #BlueLives matter

The left: Look at these fucking fascists supporting those fucking pigs!

T\_D in 2019 #BlueLives still matter, fuck the Oregon governor for using them like her personal guard.

The left in 2019: Look at T\_D threatening cops, how could they!
Went to Trumps speech in my city back before his election. One of the first things he said after taking the stage was lets thank our men and women in blue for being here tonight. I dont think I have ever attended a politicians speech who started out by saying lets thank our police officers folks. This is one of the most pro-police subs on reddit minus toprotectandserve aint no one here posting anything but praise and respect for our cops.
Police Officer here. Never once felt anything otherwise, EVER. I wouldn't be subbed if I had felt this way. I'd love to see a single example of the claims being made. I'm quite sure they don't exist, and if they do, it's by brand new sock accounts made to make this happen, I can guarantee it.
Always have, always will.
BUT....BUT....i thought t\_d hated cops?!
The_Donald is the most pro-American, pro-military, and pro-police subreddit in existence.   This is all a hit job by people who can't take a joke.
This is completely absurd. But let Reddit show the world how dark it's become
Exactly, the idea that this sub was inciting violence against police officers would hilarious, if it wasn't so scarily being used as justification to censor us.
T_D is one of the only PRO law enforcement subs on this website....
Funny how they blame us for hating police when they promote hating police. Bias at its finest
I like how all of the posts that were “threatening” had very low upvotes (single digits) and were removed within 24 hours. They didnt even give the mods a chance to remove the posts lol
I’ve never felt anything but support from this Dom.
We have fine police don't we folks?
Wish I could upvote this more than once.
God damn right 👮🏻‍♂️
Amen we always have. Always will.
keystone’s finest! much love here for our men and women in blue.
It's because of good cops that America is as safe as it is.  They aren't perfect, though, and this sub has that nuanced view.  Unfortunately, as with most things, the good things they do hardly ever get reported and the bad stuff that happens every once in a while gets massive coverage.
[You down with C.O.P.? Reno SD!](http://www.cc.com/video-clips/nqiijl/reno-911--layin--down-the-law---reno-rap)
Anybody with half a brain knows its the Leftists that hate cops
Frickin aye!!!
We believe in the rule of law. Period!!
Well at least the ones who do their job, and don't allow their mayors to tell them to watch while leftist demonstrators like antifa hold up capitalism and the good working people of their cities!
As long as they're not killing innocent nuggets, amirite bois?
Why don't you run a story on this PMS-NBC?
Have any The_Donald supporters called cops Storm Troopers and white supremacist?  Nope.
Notice how POTUS is so secure with police that he doesn't even require them to disarm.
T_D is like the ONLY sub that you can consistently find people that support the police and understand the job they have and the constraints under which they operate.  I am not surprised the left is doing this.  

But I sure as hell will not vote for anyone on their side for anything in the foreseeable future.
I believe it was BLM who was shouting that they wanted dead cops a few years back and nobody did anything to their pages. Oh wait, Democrats agreed so I guess they're exempt from the ban hammer.
All Day!!
I thought lefties didn't care about the police, interesting.
The only police we hate are thought police.
Imagine. On a site where Antifa and Black Lives Matter are lauded as welcome...they accuse this subreddit of supporting violence against police, and say it's a reason to "Quarantine" it.
Fucken disgusting that we got banned while CTH literally calls for the murder of cops and basically anyone who's not communist.
Yea, I thought it was kinda strange. Racist? Retarded? Sexist? Think muslims really know how to run a country? Yea, sure, that's all true about you guys. However I've always known trumpsters to flat out worship authority, and that includes cops.

I smell conspiracy with this quarantine stuff...
Get fucked!
Smells like bacon up in here.
T_D apparently only likes cops if they illegally shoot brown people, not if they fulfill their legal duty (in this case to compel the elected representatives of the people to do their fucking job)
The same police that are part of the large govt... guess who will come to take your guns... not betty crocker
[removed]
[removed]
Reddit in 2018: T\_D SUPPORTS POLICE VIOLENCE! They criticize Colin Kaepernick and other kneelers! BAN THEM!

Reddit in 2019: T\_D OPPOSES OF POLICE! They hate police people! BAN THEM!
this is bizarre !!!!!!!!!
Soros is behind this. I don’t think we can link to media matters so when I get it archived I’ll post
Yeah, there are ACTUAL anti-cop subreddits, yet they claim we called for violence against police? I don't even know what nonsense evidence they're talking about there.

OF course, it's the same people who supported Michael Brown--someone who attacked a cop--so who expects logic or consistent morals?
I have read and posted on T_D daily since early 2016 (under different handles).

I have never once seen a threat of violence against law enforcement on this Domreddit.

Further, President Trump himself is the most vocal supporter of law enforcement and the military to occupy the White House in modern history.

The majority of comments I see here regarding police are positive, except in certain threads alleging police brutality/complaining about certain laws.

However, leftists routinely encourage and commit violence against police and other citizens, particularly groups such as BLM and Antifa, which are praised or at least tolerated elsewhere on Reddit.

Reddit is once again applying a double standard and persecuting a large, mainstream community of users for the supposed "crime" of supporting the duly-elected president of the United States.

I make it a point to represent the pro-police perspective 100% of the time, and even in negative threads, to remind people that the actions of a minority are not equivalent to all or even most police officers.

Law enforcement is a crucial function in our society, and literally allows the law, and thus our society and country, to exist.

Cops are human beings, and human nature means sinfulness. However, American police are typically thoroughly vetted during the hiring process, and are usually highly law-abiding and principled individuals, if not perfect.

Anyone who has a problem with certain laws, such as drug laws, civil asset forfeiture, "quorum-busting" laws, etc., should remember that it is called law enforcement, and not law creation, for a reason.
They are stupid lying scumbags.
Love you guys!
What if the law enforcers dont agree or act in a way you seem fit?
What was even the post? Who ever posted it I’m curious to their history. I’m curious to the history of people who commented.
yeah, but how the fuck did they get away with this bullshit?
Only we know that and they control who knows what.
>The truth is pretty obvious.

Yeah, but only to the people that know the truth.
this is a bit too much for me to stomach
Well these are mentally ill people we are talking about...does it surprise you?
> thought police.

well put pede


#FUCK 'EM!
Or the thought shadow govt. Remember **Google**’s Jen Gennai, Head of Responsible Innovation, said, **”The White House and Congress won’t play a role in making things more ‘fair’, so people are holding us accountable to fill the gap of what should be done.”**
Amen Patriopede.
"I don't know the facts of the case ... but the Cambridge police acted stupidly" -President Barrack Hussain Obama.
fucking insanity eh?
The last time I engaged with anarchists irl, it was at a rally trying to save union jobs and public healthcare.

For anarchists they sure do love their social programs.
You NAILED it Pede!
Is there a link to the post in question about the Oregon governor? I have been unable to find the post that was "offensive".
#Damn RIGHT!
Talesfromthesquadcar is another good one.
Thank you for what you do Officer.
Thank you for your service, good sir! May the Lord grant you strength and endurance to carry out your work and many blessings on you and your family.
It was because people said they would stand with Oregon State Senator Brian Boquist if the State Police followed the Governor's orders to seize the Republican state senators and (literally) force them to the state house and vote.  It was nothing actually about attacking the police, just about defending fellow American citizens.  We love you guys in blue, especially when you just let us off with just a warning (jk).  Thank you for what you do, stay safe, and God bless.
Amen Patriopede.
YEAH, we ain't antifa . . .
#TRUTH!
They are the joke and can't take it.
i admit i am pissed
hack job
Amen
Selah.
Amen
cause he packs
Amen
>  BLM who was shouting that they wanted dead cops a few years back and nobody did anything to their pages.

#TRUTH!
> Imagine

kek, and fuck john lennon too
we have a fight ahead
Hillaree?
reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeshill
#DEUS VULT MOLON LABE
nice try shill
GET OUT!! nice try buddy, but folks here at The Donald stand faithfully and loyally with the men and women of law enforcement!
erudite . . .
They didn't have shit on Trump back in 2015. They sure as shit don't have anything on him today. That's why they constantly resort to making shit up. And it always links back to Soros funded organizations.
In both cases, Reddit is a little limp-wristed cuck cowering behind a pack of alphas, pointing and screaming, "BAN THEM!"
Also Reddit in 2019: We are in such a panic over the shitty choices for a Democrat President that we can't think of a legitimate reason to place a Quarantine on T_D. Orange man bad...
it's psychological projection of the highest magnitude. and/or an ineffective strategy to censor this sub lol
is it though the first dem debate would be an unstoppable meme force
Tim Pool was suggesting Carlos Maza

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=50nPHVTXuZY&t=187s
Thats right, I've never seen a single call to violence let alone against police. I see that all the time from everywhere else though.
Move out of new york
They know the people with the 💰💰💰 that want to see conservatives silenced online.
People posted some out of context stuff so they used it against us.  Think how easy it is to read a text and mistake what it really said.  Easy reason to force a ban at the opportune time.  Problem is, everyone here and anyone worth there journalism can see this board is nothing like that. Let's see what happens, I have a feeling this is just the first shot in a long battle we all have to fight for supporting our President.
[Who are the Brain Police?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E6GnQnp2rpc)
He had some choice words for the FBI. So I wouldn’t say he was for all law enforcement.
Conveniently it has already been removed by the admins. So no evidence exists outside of the Media Matters article about it. Why of COURSE Media Matters is involved, like it is in EVERY single DNC internet ops.

The worst they could find was and I quote "We may need to take up rifles to protect our 2nd amendment one day" and "If we want to save Oregon we gotta burn Portland to the ground."

That's all. NOT EVEN ONE FUCKING QUOTE threatening violence. Just typical "2nd amendment hyperbole" and the same bullshit you can find right now on r / politics about seceding and forming your own nation.

You know what I found on r / politics right now? An ENTIRE thread of disgusting people circle jerking about how they LOVE spitting at republicans and encourage as many people as possible to do it. Why yes, the admins are obviously ignoring calls to assault people on reddit because it's all being posted by a bunch of figs.
Thank you so much. I promise to work to develop myself every day to help as much as possible. Love giving kids high 5's. The smile on their face is probably the highlight of the job for me.
Thank you! I actually love giving warnings. And just so everyone knows, at least with my service, a "caution" (warning) statistic is 'worth' the exact same as writing the actual ticket. A polite attitude and admission of the problem with a promise to fix it either on the spot, or that say day (depending), will get you that caution far more often than not. Cheers and thank you!
We must all redouble our efforts, on all platforms.
Man, it's basic capitalism. They do their job, they ought to be compensated for it.
Until it's time to pay them!
All I know about pre-politics Trump is that he was one of the first visitors to Studio 54.
fuck em
They don't need a reason, just a rationalization.
I'm sure the Chinese misinterpreted something
i only caught the end and almost split my sides at the ineptitude
The l-spy q-eer?
well, i ain't shuttin' up about shit
> I have a feeling this is just the first shot in a long battle we all have to fight for supporting our President.

Bannon warned US
> the FBI. So I wouldn’t say he was for all law enforcement.

why would one condone jackassery?
FBI is political enforcement, not law enforcement.
AGREED PEDE
yOu CaN’t SuPpOrT lAw EnFoRcEmEnT uNlEsS yOu SiGn ThEiR pAyChEcKs

Tard gonna tard
The nightclub?
I’m stubborn as fuck & I live in the United States of America. Somebody tells me I can’t voice my opinion, can’t participate in public discourse or political discourse, or tries to censor information so I can’t decide it’s validity or value for myself... bet your ass I’m going to do the opposite of obey any of that with an intense fervor.
The FBI had a legitimate investigation.
Yeah
reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee shill
Posting for the first time, as a libertarian who didn't vote for Trump (or Hillary) I proudly will get banned from the other subreddits today, in support of The_Donald. At the time of this post there are over 47,000 others here also. Down with bias, censorship, and the silencing of people's ideas.
Welcome, friend. At the very least we are united in our opinions on censorship.
Now you can see for yourself how we are the 'most hateful' subreddit.
Same here (joined T\_D)
Lurker since 2016. Never was a 100% supporter of Trump, but have slowly turned more conservative the past few years.

Seeing TD quarantined, censored, and mischaracterized by the msm while leftists celebrate like harpies at the silencing of fellow Americans through lies is disgusting. Where I may not agree with everything DT supporters do, I stand in solidarity with you all. Subbed.
Same here, long time lurker, new subscriber.
Welcome, and thank you for your support.

We may not all agree on things said, but we will certainly fight to the death for someone's right to say it.
Fuck censorship. I just joined this sub to say fuck you to reddit. I've never seen a sub with that high of an online/sub ratio (42,000:757,000).

&#x200B;

What doesnt kill you only makes you stronger.
I just did the same, I been here since the last election, just never signed up.

here I am :)
Hopefully the sub won't get banned before you've had enough time to enjoy it.
Ditto.
It's like the Riders of Rohan are showing up in our time of great need, when evil is overshadowing us from all corners. 

Thank you, brave rider.  ❤
Long time Canadian lurker pede here, finally joined because of this crap, someone get me a coat, I'll send you a brick.
Hello TD, before today, I had never before heard of you. Never joined a subreddit either.

Now I have heard of you, and now I've joined you.

Edit: It's also a convenient coincidence that that it wouldn't let me post this comment the first time: https://i.imgur.com/ikHwpSV.png
I don't even like this sub that much but you guys have my support.
Thank you, and welcome. I've found this place to be the most ideological diverse on Reddit. I'm far from a hardcore conservative or Trump supporter, but the dems have gone so far left they call everyone to the right of Bernie a Nazi. I won't stand by why my conservative, independant, and even moderate democrat friends and family are attacked and harassed for not embracing the insane AOC party line.
Bots are down:{
Welcome. We don't all agree here and that's fine. Be civil when debating and keep from entering into flame wars.
I am a UK libertarian and I have now joined this sub in hopes to boost its numbers to show that censorship does not work. Once again the far left have completely lost the plot.

I wish I was an American, lets launch a campaign to exchange citizenship's all those who want open borders, socialism, ~~rape gangs~~ cultural enrichment can come to the UK and Europe. While those who want freedom can go to the US. I think we are onto a winner here.
Get this patriot a brick, as well!!
its pretty anti american isnt it?

its like these admins are on a tribunal deciding haphazardly upon the life or death of a community they don't like. And with zero due process.

I take that back. It's totally UnAmerican.
I did too. Then I got banned from some other subs unexpectedly.
Just subscribed too. I don't care much for Trump, but I'm absolutely against censorship for any reason.
Thank you for your support of our most precious right... Freedom of thought.
I typed in “America first “ and “the_donald”.  No results found. I had to go to a previous post to get to the quarenteen sight.  So unless you’re already here , you will never know we exist.
I've been subbed here for a bit now but more out of curiousity than support kind of like being subbed to politics. I'm convinced groups on the right are 100% accurate on their claims of media censorship after this week. This is insane.
Lurker since 2017. The 40k active count proves that you aren't alone.
Don't just join, look at us, the things we stand for, the things we stand against.  You'll find that our whole mantra is "Everyone is free, so long as you're not breaking laws or causing harm."  They call us racists, sexists, and homophobes, and yet our sub always seems to have some new Black or Hispanic or Female or Gay people proudly showing off their new MAGA hat, to the cheers and welcome of everyone here.  We're nothing like what they paint us to be.  You're probably 90% aligned with us already, but don't know it.

And, shit, even if you're NOT one of us, I'm still happy to have you stand next to me in the fight against deplatforming, censorship, etc.
I swear I just joined this sub today because my account on Twitter was permanently suspended without reason and I shut down my FB account because I didn't want to be labeled a "hate-agent". Time to figure out where to fly my Trump 2020 flag.
Get the guy a coat!
remember when MSM trashed Donald Trump during the 2016 election, and it caused everyone to actually research if these things were true and it caused people to support Trump and disown the MSM (me being one of them) i can't wait for this to blow up in Reddit's face and help Trump gain even more supporters
Subbed today for this exact reason. If the media hates something this much and goes to ridiculous lengths like this to silence it, then it's something I'll support.
Streisand effect here. I wasn't joined... Now I am. Trying to silence T_D makes me only want to rebel and see what the forbidden fruit is.
Lurker here, ready to be banned rather then sit this out.
I've only been subbed for less than a week, but it is ridiculous the way the sub is being treated.
Not even that much of a Trump fan but I'm so disgusted with the tyrannical left and reddit admins I just subbed here. 

Fuck censorship.
Glad to have you. This is the best Dom on reddit bar none.

Stick around and see just how hateful we are lol
Joined the sub today to stand in solidarity
I'm welcoming the bans if I do get banned. I need to get off reddit anyways lol. 

Regardless, this has just confirmed my suspicion that for some reason the left has gained control of the internet and is censoring it all.  They can't stand to have their sensibilities offended.
Our count is going up quite a bit today.
I joined for the same reason and I'm not even American.
Wish you weren't in the minority.
I love you
Welcome, you're joining during troubling times. Thank you for your support.
Welcome. Boy did you screw up. LOL As soon as you start posting in other subs and they see you've been here, you will be banned! Not kidding.
Welcome to all. Thank you for your support of Freedom of Speech.
Just mentioning /r/the_Donald anywhere else on reddit is an instant ban
I am a democrat, but this is fucking bullshit what reddit is doing. I am now subscribed.
Dude, the left is really has been going overboard with censorship the last month, it's not a joke.

Little by little you are all being deemed "illegal".
Just subbed today too, censorship is wack
Welcome aboard!
Welcome
Thanks

We need as many people as possible to fight online censorship
Me too and for the same reason!
I just subbed to more people on Youtube and Twitter who are fighting back against this shit. Double down every time these tyrants pull this bullshit.
Everytime I refresh T_D, the readers count goes up by a lot... Its blowing up right now...
Thank you! Whether you know it or not, you're a Pede in our eyes. We love everyone and stand for freedom for all!
Heard about the quarantine. 

Thought to myself “Why the heck have I not joined The_Donald before now?!”

Corrected my mistake.
Im from Australia, we have the same thing here political parties being banned on social media & banning Christians in some cases, George Orwell 1984 is no longer a work of fiction its the truth, stay strong my USA liberty loving brothers & sisters
Welcome fresh pede
Thank you Jinks4Prez!  Of course we all support The Donald here but our goal is to Make America Great.  Stopping censorship is part of Making America Great so in that respect, welcome to The Donald!  :D
Welcome to the party, you've jumped in at the good part.
That’s an idea I can get behind, OP—love it.
Anyone else get unsubbed automatically from here?
Not a fan of the sub, but that's why I subbed too.
As a libertarian this is wrong, I support this subreddit and never seen anything that breaks the rules.
I’ve read TD almost daily for 2 years. This is my first comment. Free speech and access to information online are rights worth getting banned from a few subs for. 

I’ve never seen one word said against law enforcement here.
yep, i'm now subscribed to this sub.  fuck these anti-free-speech cunts
Welcome
Glad you’re here.
Streisand Effect has officially been renamed to the Reddit Effect.
Welcome! Today was the first day outside of maybe 4 other subs in a year. Same shit, no sense in going back.
No one should Cheer censorship. Who watches the watchers?
Same here
I can't wait to see how this quarantine will backfire so epically.
It won’t take long for you to figure out the reason for the censorship is a total BS lie
Be careful guys because this train has no brakes, and it sometimes achieves ludicrous speed.
I've subbed to five pro-trump subreddits since I heard about this, censorship is wrong
Good job.
Thanks for your support.
Welcome to the fight against censorship!
Here's the inherent problem with censorship. Either you're censoring with bad intentions, in which case fuck you, or you're censoring with good intentions. If you're censoring with good intentions though, that means you think that information is too dangerous for others to see. But you already saw it. Why is it not dangerous for you to see it but dangerous for me to see it?
I just joined too and one hour later this subreddit has 1000 extra subscribers!

They should have thought of the Streisand effect :)
Officially joined today. Been on the trump train since the beginning. Lurk here multiple times a day but didn’t join to avoid banning on other subs. But I don’t care anymore.
They have been looking for an excuse to remove us before the election began. They hate us cause they ain't us.

Kind of like the deep state trying to overthrow the Republic and it's now President Donald J Trump before the first vote was ever cast.
Well you've been posting here for over 5 months so I guess it was about time you subbed.
Hey, reddit! I dare you ban me from all of my subs!
I tried to guild you and I got an error saying its not allowed on this sub lmao. what a fucking joke
Get this man a coat! The first ywllow quarantine coat of the day,
Everyone check if you're still subbed. I got unsubbed for some reason.
You can thank Timcast for informing me of this.  I've posted more on reddit today than every other day combined.
Free speech is a basic human right.
Just joined this sub to protest censorship. Don't like Trump, but fuck Reddit.
We’re a very diverse family here. You are always welcome in our family, patriot!
My family didn't leave the Soviet ussr for this. Fuck the cuckolds who think censorship over politics is appropriate.
Just joined this reddit myself, i rarely use reddit for anything (this place is a pretty terrible place for conservative viewpoints) but with them censoring people's right to support our president i had to join.
Wait until you see the reality of what this sub is vs what they are telling people it is.  You will be awakened at what is really going on.  They truly made a bad move with this decision, it’s going to have the opposite effect of what they hoped.
Joined today because respect for American freedom and those who sacrificed to preserve that fragile gift demand it.

I've lurked enough to know that the charges levelled against this community are ridiculous bullshit.

If the electric lynch mob silences this community, I want to be with it rather than watching in shame from the sidelines.

Yes, I post on r/The_Donald.
Together we stand. 🐸
Welcome to the party!
Subbing for solidarity. Didn't vote trump in 2016, but my family will be in 2020. Never voted Republican in my life before last midterm, but After watching how they treated kavanaugh and that laughable example of due process, the was no other choice. I lurk here often to get the other side of the story. Stand strong, Americans!
Yet you have 125 comments on /r/the_donald you muppet

http://prntscr.com/o77lp4
Subbed.  The left and MSM are really about to shoot themselves in the foot. Cowards.
Never been the biggest fan of trump, but when shit like this is happening I'm all in for supporting you guys.
Yep. I lean heavily left but with an eye on fiscal practicality. Joined this sub today.
 

I  am not what you'd call a huge Donald Trump supporter (he's still better  than Hillary) but this nonsense with censoring anyone right of AOC has  got to stop! I've joined your sub in support of free speech. The fascist  pig Silicon Valley overlords and all their minions must be stopped at  all costs before they ruin our great country!

I  may disagree vehemently with what you have to say but I will defend to  the death your right to say it. If it's legal the platforms should not  be censoring anything.
I never thought I’d sub to here. Ive been mildly interested by the trail of red pills and surprisingly well thought out posts. I’m subbing because this sub got quarantined and censorship, groupthink, and elitism are all toxic to the republic.

I also thought it’s important for the rest of reddit to know how badly this plan backfired.
I’ve browsed the sub in the past but never subbed. This is nuts! Subbed now.
Thank you for your support! This is America and we have the right to freedom of speech even if we do not agree! 
These corporations need to respect our rights!
Bring friends!
Welcome... to the real.
Don't even like trump but fuck reddit. This one sided censorship is retarded and I am happy to see that the Streisand effect is coming into full effect here.
LETS GET THIS DOM TO 777,777!
I couldn't find this subreddit but got in the shitty glover one before today
Same, fuck censorship!
Je suis T_D
I joined today.  FREE SPEECH!
I joined to show support as well. I detest censorship. Down with google, Facebook and reddits shaping of what people think and see.
Joined today just to fight the power! (Also I didn't know it existed before, so that backfired on Reddit's part)
Been here since 2016, never bothered to log in or post but this quarantine finally made me commit. I've never been big on posting on social media but here I am now!
Posting for the ban. Fuck you Reddit!
Same! Just joined to protest censorship!
I don’t know your politics, and don’t care. Standing up for censorship is important, and shows character. Thank you.
Welcome! Those fools think they'll win. How mistaken they are.
I'd guild this, but of course that seems to be disabled too.  I know it's just feeding the machine, but I want to use it for *something*, rather than just forfeit it when I delete my account or am permanently banned.

Does Reddit truly know how weak, ridiculous and scared they look, to BOTH sides when they only take this kind of action against one political group?  Then lie about it?  Even the people "benefiting" - the smarter ones anyway, aren't going to trust you anymore.  Only the fringe will be left.

I also want to point out that if this is the kind of shit they're (Google, Twitter, FB, now Reddit) pulling with a Republican President and Senate, just think what might happen if the Democrats win 2020.

BTW, first T_D post also.
Same here, only I live on the other side of the world.

Huh, and to think I really hated the fact trump got elected in 2016 because of his climate change policies.

Well, now I'm willing to let him become the god-emperor of earth just to stick it to those shits in silicon valley.
But you have comments here. You're lying for karma.
Same here!
I am also joining today after this quarantine. Didnt vote for trump or Hillary, as I am libertarian, but I absolutely support the President and any type of censorship is messed up, so I'm here to support the censored
Fuck reddit for allowing this crap to happen.
I just joined today, too. Funny thing, though. Prior to this I was subscribed to maybe 3 communities, but I discovered I had somehow "joined" about 30 that I would NEVER consider joining. Also funny that every time I leave this sub, it is no longer listed in My Communities.
All of you guys are making me tear up. Welcome friends.
Just to clear something up:  


T\_D is not a SUB, its a DOMreddit :D

  
Now - onto what I really wanted to say: Stick around! We have a lot of fun in here, and a lot of good discussion. You'll likely find that this place is the exact opposite of what you're being told it is.
Everyone here should also be posting on 4chan.  It's better and less cucked in almost every way.  Virtually no censorship at all unless you break board specific rules.

They will eventually completely ban T_D, but that's ok.  As others have said, we don't need this place.  Reddit needs us.  The more users they push away, the faster they kill their unprofitable company.
It's absolutely disgusting how Reddit admins allows other subreddits to encourage violence and illegal activities because it targets groups they do not like. 
Yet they quarantine a tame subreddit like this one.

Those fascists should be ashamed of themselves. The people who partake in this subreddit have my condolences.
Me too, never joined a sub before. Barely ever even log in.  The censorship is what did it for me
Not the first sub I've joined, but it's because of the censorship that I finally got around to subbing to here today.
What is going on!? The_Donald disappeared on my husband's account. I thought he was banned!

Spez: I don't have multiple husband's
"The answer to 1984 is 1776" - Alex Jones.   
Not really a The\_Donald guy. Heck, I'm a Eurocuck. What is happening to you lot over the pond is bound to happen in the EU sooner than later. I am down for some Meme-Jihad. Time to invest in Pepe Cash for those juicy rare Pepes.
Even if one person did make an threatening comment towards police, it's not what this sub does. Is that person being investigated by the FBI now? I DOUBT IT. Just goes to show they were looking for any excuse.
Thanks for your support. 

I've been here from the beginning. I've never seen a call to violence towards anyone.
Welcome to the party. We gotta rate against the censorship big media big brother new world order machine!!!!
Welcome. Get this man a coat
It's dang hard to find this sub. I couldn't find it via Reddit and had to Google it. Fuck cencorship
The stupid motherfuckers' obsession with silencing others is what drove me here in the first place. The tighter they squeeze the more the sand slips through their fingers.
First sub reddit I have ever joined. Did it because I am sick and tired of the alt-left who run every single website and think they can steal our freedom to speak openly in a public forum. I would be willing to bet anything that those supposed 'anti-police' posts were done by antifa-types just to target this subreddit for quarantine or a ban. The left is full of nothing but fascist scum who can't handle any dissent that goes against their ideology of hate and failure.

&#x200B;

TRUMP  2020 - MAGA - KAG!!!
Just subscribed!
I've been banned from a couple of subs, one specifically because of T\_D and another for a BS reason that I suspect was because of posting in T\_D.
Around 2 or so years ago, Reddit effectively quarantined TD off the front page. It was in the lead up to the election and TD was dominating the front page daily - reddit couldnt allow that!

On that day, I created an account and subbed. I wasnt alone then; you arent alone now.

Another brick in the wall.
Right-Wing places are the only fun places left on the Internet.  They remind me off the good old days when the Internet was the wild west.  Usenet/IRC was full of lively debate and flame wars.  It wasn't until the Commercial Internet that normies started fucking up the place.  I cannot relate to the modern Left. They drive me insane.  That's why I love Trump. He pisses off all the people I cannot stand.  That and I hate being told what I can think and say. The Far-Left just wants to shut down all the people who are effective critics. This includes: Centre-Left, Centrists, Centre-Right,etc.  Basically anyone who is willing to have a reasoned discussion.  

&#x200B;

The Google "Trump Situation". Perfectly illustrates what they are doing and why this sub is now under "Quarantine".
My first time too :)
I'm a Canadian who just stalks this sub, never posted or subbed and swore i never would. I've seen the calls for violence and obvious propaganda on many other subs too, so the fact they quarantined this is a clear attempt to silence the greater community.

If they really want to silence us they should use force, because T\_D just picked up one more sub it never would have had otherwise.

&#x200B;

Edit: Oh and btw i hate logging into reddit to view a sub, so that's why i'm a little annoyed they did this haha
#WELCOME ABOARD!
Post history says different lmao
You posted in this sub 2 weeks ago.

Fake news.
Thought Police are going to be busy harassing anyone who posts in t_d, it doesn't even matter if you dislike trump and are only here because of the censorship. They will harass you and they will ban you.
Doesn't this sub ban all non trump supporters? Isn't that censorship?
Greetings! You are now one tenth of the user you should be counted as, because T_D user count has already been revealed to be over 6 MILLION by the ad management page of Reddit years ago. Welcome aboard!
Thank you. You have joined the ranks of all the other freedom loving users of this community.  Welcome!
Thank you for doing this.
Thanks for joining us. You will soon discover T_D is all about supporting POTUS, patriotism, freedom, making America great and having fun with like minded folks. You will also find out the reasons given for the quarantine are like the Russian collusion hoax, there is no there there. We will wear our "great battle of the '19 quarantine" medal proudly.
Welcome friends. You don't have to love our President, but any friend of the 1st amendment is always a friend of ours!
#proudtogetbanned
Welcome aboard the train
Funny thing happened today, timing is everything. 

Updated app and then it asked me if was enjoying Eddit. Said nope and then it opened a feedback page. 

In there put something to the effect that I abhor censorship, primarily revolving around the President and Project Veritas. That is exactly what they're doing, as we all know. 

They ask for my thought so gave it to them, peacefully of course.
When I was reading a few hours ago, we had 744K subs (according to my admittedly foggy memory). Now we're at 757K.
Thank you for the support ✌
WELCOME!
Ditto.
Posting in epic thread
I've had 5 friends sub today because of this. This is the dumbest thing they could have done.
First time poster here, fairly long lurker (I didn't even  know what reddit was for a long time). I'm blown away by the blatant censorship against anything that isn't leftist. TBH the censorship makes me feel a little scared.

Where do we go now? Obviously we need to regroup somewhere else before the crazy leftists outright shut this down.

So... Where do we go now? I don't want to lose this resource and community because it might take some less tech savvy people (like me) years to find where we end up regrouping.

Cheers, from Canada eh!
Welcome. Welcome my friend.
<3
I'm pretty much on this sub whenever I'm not at work, I NEVER saw any threats of killing cops.
Same
Welcome, I've only been a long time lurker, but this is crazy what's happening.
How are we gonna get rid of the quarantine?
They’re such fierce warriors! They silently ban, so brave, so courageous
I'll gladly stay Quarantined this is nothing but censorship and they even admit as much privately.
well they see no problem with censorship as long as it's other people being silenced. why silence people that aren't a threat? that doesn't make sense does it?
Welcome to the madness, grab a coat and hang out. Best show in town.
Welcome Pede!
Welcome to the fight
I consider myself libertarian/centrist and I'm in support of T_D. I also don't live anywhere near the US. 

This divisive and regressive agenda of the left needs to stop.
Welcome, surf the sub and see all the good president Trump is doing for Americans, then join us and write/film a \#walkaway post for more democrats to deny!

  


Or don't, your choice!
good man
Subbed, fuck censorship
When is politics getting the same treatment? They post direct violence to all of us. All the time
Thank you for your support! Free speech is not just for those you agree with but for those you disagree with too. The term "slippery slope" gets thrown out a lot, but once we submit and let big corporations and government restrict our rights, it's much harder to get them back.
I just did the same. I don't even care much about politics but this is abhorrent.
what a shit show, reddit thinks quarantine is actually going to do something it's just going to make more people join
Welcome!
Welcome to the righteous side of history Jinks
https://imgur.com/YA4mOaC
Just subscribed. Didn't vote for Trump or Hillary but the guy at the top is right, Reddit seems like an open forum but it's no different from any other echo chamber
snowflake
welcome
You are a great American. 6/26/19, Never Forget.
It's really not as bad as they say, is it?
First they took CA from me and burned my home. Then they took watch people die. 

Then they mowed down innocent frogs at frenworld and the clowns in clown world. 

Speak up now before they silence you.
ditto.  cheers.
Welcome family
I subscribed this morning when I found out what happened. Fuck you reddit
Thank you!!
I remember when democrats were censoring music, but it backfired  and 2Live Crew blew up overnight , it made them superstars. Censorship is the boot on your neck , thank you for joining new fren
Thank you you 1st amendment loving individual!
💯
Im subbing too. Its crazy the amount of new subscribers after the quarantine of t_d, its had the opposite effect of reddit's plans
Yes, I do support President Trump, but wasn't particularly interested in this sub.  But I've joined now as a middle finger to Reddit.
Libertarian leaning Republican, voted Johnson. I was worried about Trump as president, but I’ve been (mostly) tickled by his actions. He needs to back up off suppressors, but what happened with Iran the other day is amazing. Finally subbed, and commenting for the bans. I only can stomach about three sections of this site anyway.
What subs ban you for being here? I want to know what pathetic subs there are
lol the only reason I subbed to here was because I know Trump isn't all the big bad orange bad man like others prop him up to be and just to protest against lunacy that will cost lefties another election
Well you will likely be shocked to find what is said about this sub is untrue.  We love Trump here.  We love free speech here.  And some of the best meme's get posted here.  All the hype is the left trying to suppress us.  They hate us because they...
we love your spirit but, we have been part of this fight for a looooong time. Everyone is about to hate your ass. Hope you're ready! (we love you) small print
To all those new faces protesting censorship. Welcome and many thanks. If it walks like a duck, Quacks like a duck then give a Honk.
Streisand effect
Saaaaaaaame
Thank you and welcome aboard the train!
Hmmmmm being silenced for having a different opinion.... where have I seen this before?
Welcome Aboard! Thanks for standing with us in the face of adversity as we try to support our President.
WewVlad!!!
We should send this to trump on twitter so he can see the bullshit that happened here
what you get autobanned from other subreddits?
God Bless
I just joined.  I have no clue what that does because I only ever go to three subreddits, but if it helps fight censorship I'm game.
Commenting for my ban.
This is the first sub I joined, when the Hillary emails came out and they needed to be analysed quickly.
[deleted]
Go to 4chan pol.  No censorship there.  It's awesome.   But if you're sensitive to racial language and such, don't go. It's not for the easily offended.
#**FOR THE LOVE OF GOD GET THIS PATRIOT A COAT! THATS 205,501 COATS HANDED OUT!**

We are 68.8% of our goal to coat the 298,700 great people of Anchorage, Alaska. Let's make sure everyone gets a coat in the United States! For every Centipede a coat, for every coat a Centipede!
Enjoy your 3/5 vote weight
tulsi 2020
This sub bans anyone for saying anything critical/negative of trump...and you joined this sub because they're against censorship? Lol
Don't lie mate.
You posted some anti lgbt shit to this sub three months ago. 
But hey, if T_D is such a bastion of free speech, this comment will stay up, right?
[removed]
Wut? Your first post on this sub was 5 months ago. Why would you lie about something this easily disproven
[removed]
This sub feels like a chatbot room, wtf
[removed]
I've lost track of how many subs banned me because I frequent The\_Donald
I only come to reddit for TD anymore. Been that way for a while now.

This is such an OBVIOUS political move for censorship. TD is one of the MOST pro police subs on the site and it gets quarantined for being anti police? 

Give me a fucking break. Biggest BS I've heard in a long time. Reddit is run by commies/fascists. Take your pick. They are all the same to me.

Spez: changed banned to quarantined
Coat. Get this patriot a coat!
what? are we getting banned from other subs for commenting now? I am also libertarian but I agree with republicans more than dems on most stuff.
God bless you, you magnificent freedom-loving patriot.
Here's some secret info for the new people. People reading this, feel free copying and pasting this in various posts to spread. Send it to liberals your arguing with online and friends and family in real life, and maybe they will come around, maybe not immediately, but will cause them to think, and eventually they will come around. This is where all this Leftist cray comes from:

In the early 1900s, a group at the Frankfurt School developed Critical Theory to convert the West to Communism

Basically, the Frankfurt School plan was to undermine the Judaeo-Christian legacy. They called for the most negative destructive criticism possible of every sphere of life to de-stabilize society and destroy what they saw as the 'oppressive' order. 

They hoped their policies would spread like a virus--'continuing the work of the Western Marxists by other means' as one of their members noted.

To further the advance of their 'quiet' cultural revolution - but giving us no idea about their plans for the future - the School recommended (among other things):

 1. The creation of racism offences.

 2. Continual change to create confusion

 3. The teaching of sex and homosexuality to children

 4. The undermining of schools' and teachers' authority

 5. Huge immigration to destroy identity.

 6. The promotion of excessive drinking

 7. Emptying of churches

 8. An unreliable legal system with bias against victims of crime

 9. Creating dependency on the state or state benefits

 10. Control and dumbing down of media

 11. Encouraging the breakdown of the family

One of the main ideas of the Frankfurt School was to exploit Freud's idea of 'pansexualism' - the search for pleasure, the exploitation of the differences between the sexes, the overthrowing of traditional relationships between men and women. To further their aims they would:

*attack the authority of the father, deny the specific roles of father and mother, and wrest away from families their rights as primary educators of their children.

*abolish differences in the education of boys and girls

*abolish all forms of male dominance - hence the presence of women in the armed forces

*declare women to be an 'oppressed class' and men oppressors 

Following Adolf Hitler's rise to power in 1933, the Institute left Germany for Geneva, before moving to New York City in 1935, where it became affiliated with Columbia University.
Greetings fellow libertarian!

MAGA
Yea I think its about time to lose my 170k karma account that I have used for years

**I don't want to be a part of Reddit anymore**
Thank you!
Welcome and have a coat!
This is the hill we die on.   


You have my axe.
True patriot
i guess we're officially the cool kids now
Same thing man, I voted Gary Johnson in 2016, 2020 I am voting for trump. The left has gone completely insane and his administration is the best bet we got to not lose the republic. 

It’s all a horror.
Same as you my dude. Libertarian and supporting the Donald against censorship. The virus is spreading amongst big techs and we should help at our level.
I have read and posted on T_D daily since early 2016 (under different handles).

I have never once seen a threat of violence against law enforcement on this Domreddit.

Further, President Trump himself is the most vocal supporter of law enforcement and the military to occupy the White House in modern history.

The majority of comments I see here regarding police are positive, except in certain threads alleging police brutality/complaining about certain laws.

However, leftists routinely encourage and commit violence against police and other citizens, particularly groups such as BLM and Antifa, which are praised or at least tolerated elsewhere on Reddit.

Reddit is once again applying a double standard and persecuting a large, mainstream community of users for the supposed "crime" of supporting the duly-elected president of the United States.

I make it a point to represent the pro-police perspective 100% of the time, and even in negative threads, to remind people that the actions of a minority are not equivalent to all or even most police officers.

Law enforcement is a crucial function in our society, and literally allows the law, and thus our society and country, to exist.

Cops are human beings, and human nature means sinfulness. However, American police are typically thoroughly vetted during the hiring process, and are usually highly law-abiding and principled individuals, if not perfect.

Anyone who has a problem with certain laws, such as drug laws, civil asset forfeiture, "quorum-busting" laws, etc., should remember that it is called law enforcement, and not law creation, for a reason.
Fellow libertarian here, I voted for GJ as well, but it's going to be Trump in 2020. Glad to have you with us.
Thank you for your support!
Thanks for the support! I’ve been banned from tons of subs myself. That’s what makes this “quarantine” such a bitch. I came on Reddit for this sub and this sub only. I hope they don’t shut it down. If more and more people like yourself show support we should be ok. Hopefully.
Count me in!
Welcome to the club.
A year or two ago, there was a post about a RES filter you could add with known T_D posters that would show up as you browsed Reddit. I’m sure it still exists. Admins did nothing about it, and it was a clearcut targeted attack on any user who did not follow the hive mind. It was being freely shared among the liberal left subreddits. My username was on it but I have not caught any backlash, as if I would be afraid of anyone hiding behind a keyboard.
Funny thing about the number you mentioned. At the moment I'm typing this this sub has 758k people, the top posts have 6k upvotes, yet there are **36k** present ATM. 

The news subreddit has 18 million people, the top posts have 25k+ upvotes, and yet there are **23k** present ATM.

Almost like our numbers are fudged to make us look less popular or something. Even if you account for the 10-fold difference found a few years ago, guesstimating our subscribers at 7.5 million, that is still far more activity.
Membership has spiked today!
Fuck Reddit. Fuck censorship.
There were more than 47,000 when you posted. Admins tamper with all the numbers on this sub.
Damn right. Get this guy a coat.
Welcome to the shadowbanned downvote botted side of the aisle.
I came her to write what you wrote almost word for word. Thanks for saving me the trouble.
Great to hear from you, thank you.
Of it says 47000 add a zero
Im here for my ban, because all Hispanics aren’t sheep, and communism = death camps.
I'll join you in the banning. I'll wear it like a badge of honor.
I'm with you. Full blown libertarian, and now a T_D sub.

Fuck censorship
Here's the thing. I'm a libertarian too. I don't agree with Trump on everything. But a guy who's 75% right is better than a guy who's always wrong. I voted Trump and I'll vote for him again. Voting for a libertarian candidate is essentially voting for the dem. 

There are only two candidates who can win, R or D. If you are a conservative thinker, buy not supporting R you have supported D. It happens a lot in seante races, a Republican loses 49-48 because a libertarian candidate took 3% of the voters away from him.
Have a coat and 4 bricks!
I'm not even American and I wouldn't vote for Trump, but reddit freedoms (those that are left) are once again under threat, so here we stand.
All speech is protected. You don’t protect against censorship because all speech deserves to be heard, you protect against censorship because you think the utmost highly about your own speech never being treated in the same censorship manner.
Every sub/dom that's talking about this right now, is spewing the same old tired BS about us. Racism, bigots, hate, blah blah blah. Easy updoots over there I suppose. Clearly none of them have even glanced in our direction, much less read anything here.
Welcome!
Get this winner a coat!
Give this guy four bricks.
Welcome and do your best to show other people what is happening
QUAD BRICKS!

Welcome, Avababy!
Welcome, fam... grab a coat and quad bricks
Get this man a brick!
I was in the threads the day the Gov. wanted to reign in republicans to vote. I didn't see a single violence related post or call to action. Everyone was cheering them on & discussing scenarios where it has happened in history and where they went into hiding, Abraham Lincoln jumping out a window to avoid a vote etc. I remember the threads being humorous in nature. Once again media matters/correct the record/share blue/B.A.M.N., and every other liberal activist-group has been planting fake posts with the intention of discrediting T\_D for 2-3 years.

The admins got caught editing posts at the source, bypassing system-logs. There's no reason NOT to believe that the admins ARE complicit with the 'rule-breaking' posts. We also saw the the admins testing script-kiddie code to flood/spam threads. I hope it was for the purpose of implementing counter-measures and not directly creating the code to assist activist in hostile take-over of subs like /redacted.
Please vote too!!!
No worries bud! Contrary to popular belief, you do not have to be 100% on board with Trump, or us, to be here. Worst that happens is you may get down voted...big whoop.
I am a big supporter but even I think that there’s something very wrong when you are 100% on board with any candidate. I’m never 100% in agreement with my husband or my closest friends and families or even professors or colleagues that I respect. Anyway, welcome! I hope you’ll stay for the memes
Welcome!
🇺🇸
> We may not all agree on things said, but we will certainly fight to the death for someone's right to say it.

This used to be a core American value, but I don't hear it often anymore.  This might be the first time I've read it on Reddit.  Thank you for that.  I'm a little surprised at how nice it was to see.  I've been boiling like a frog for too long.
Some claim we have 6mil+
Here, Patriot, Have a COAT!  Welcome!
It's a bit surreal here to be honest.  I expected so much hostility and toxicity, but the comments here are some of the most civil I have seen on Reddit.

I've gotten so used to people shouting each other down all the time.  You guys don't appear to be the extremists that everyone makes you out to be.
Username checks out!

And welcome, you little rebels!
This user name! I love it
And Rohan will answer. Muster the Rohirrim. Assemble the army at Dunharrow. As many men as can be found. You have two days. On the third, we ride for The\_Donald and war!
The beacons have been lit, Rohan will answer the call.
*DEAAAATH*
Our bots have been disabled. Gone...but not forgotten.
# QUAD DAMAGE, I'M MATCHING YOUR BRICK 3 FOLD
**FOR THE LOVE OF GOD! SOMEONE GET THIS PATRIOT A COAT!**

.....:(
Welcome New 'Pede!  We don't all agree with each other but we all care about Making America Great!
Well we like you!
Hahaha!  Welcome and thank you for your support.....and that's quite an honest first comment you have on here.   (Pssst. There's one guy on here I don't like either.)
Thank you for your support. Because of that, I love you. <3
Appreciate your support.  Keep an open mind and you might just warm up to us.
Thank you , that means a lot
Thanks fren
Thanks for the support, I vote for conservatives that earn my vote.  I voted for trump and he has earned my vote and I will be voting for him again.  I will vote for the person that has the best ideas and not with a person with a R or D next to their name.
The left genuinely seems to want to live in a world where there is only one accepted political position on every issue (theirs). 

Ideally people would be allowed to hold as many different positions on different issues as they want, but at a minimum everyone should at least want to live in a world where there are *two* positions to choose from. Otherwise, where is the choice? You gotta have at least two parties that are considered socially acceptable and politically allowed.
All we ask is you be reasonable here. The default answer for the left when you talk to them about Trump is 'orange man bad' or to call you a bigot. How about an actual discourse?
Buy Pepe!
Man I miss bimbobot
If we ever needed quad bricks, it would be right now :(
Welcome, and that's a great idea! I like the way you think!
I'm in!
PM me if you're serious about legally immigrant, maybe I can help
I wouldn’t mind crowd-funding an island that we give to the communists to do with as they please. Then when we meet communists in real life instead of listening to all their whining, we could just say, “So why haven’t you moved to Communist Island yet? If you hate the country so much, why not just go?” 

Bonus points if we install cameras all over the island and make a reality TV show out of it.
Hell ya! I'm in!
You are very kind!
I must disagree, I don't want our lefties and commies ruining European history any more than it already has been
:-(
FOR THE LOVE OF GOD GET THIS PATRIOT A BRICK! THAT'S 146109 BRICKS HANDED OUT!

We are at 20.5791221632628073305486464% of our goal to BUILD THE WALL starting from Imperial Beach, CA to Brownsville, Texas! Let's make sure everyone gets a brick in the United States! For every Centipede a brick, for every brick a Centipede!

At this rate, the wall will be 1606.60998275801025079224496 MILES WIDE and 428.175925654838233107647676 FEET HIGH by tomorrow! DO YOUR PART! 

brick bot is feeling under the weather, so brick distribution will be performed on a volunteer basis
Blanket destruction of an entire community of hundreds of thousands of members? Literally a neticide.
Wear the star proudly.
Welcome! Have a coat, Patriot.
Thank you 🙋
We would have your back if the roles were reversed. If Fox News had declared “Hope and Change” an anti-white dog-whistle and then banned anyone on social media who supported Obama, it would have been equally bullshit. 

Free and open communication between people on the Internet is going to be so important this century. We can’t just let the corporations peel that away from us bit by bit. Let people talk!
And for that, I thank you and love you. <3

Welcome!
Thanks and notice you won't see calls here to censor or shadow ban leftist subs.
Been here since the sub was 15k strong(was lurking at that point), and started to be active when it was 30k strong.

The way I got here was because a person on the politics sub kept outright bashing and decided to check. Once I saw what was going on went back to the person and then thanked them for the right address.

Even back then it was literal bashing/shadow-banning/outright banning in that order.
Been going on for a while now. It seems truly arbitrary sometimes. Until 2015 or 2016 reddit was pretty open, even after the election it remained so compared to Google, Facebook, or Twitter. Now it's clear that Apple is too. Both apple app store and Google play store ban Gab and other new social networks with an emphasis on free speech. 

Google and Apple control 99% of the phone app market. If your app isn't in play store or apple store you won't get big, period.
That was the surprising thing when I first checked out The Donald maybe a year ago. According to the rest of Reddit this is just a horrible place with horrible people. Finally checked it out for myself and I found they were very wrong. If anything this is one of the more optimistic subs that deals with politics.
Once you realize liberal progressives are not a skin color or sexual preference, but a cesspool of feces aka the liberal agenda  you are free.
Lol, did the quarantine kill the coat bot? Monsters :'|
FOR THE LOVE OF GOD GET THIS PATRIOT A COAT! THATS 205,501 COATS HANDED OUT!

We are 68.8% of our goal to coat the 298,695 great people of Anchorage, Alaska. Let's make sure everyone gets a coat in the United States! For every Centipede a coat, for every coat a Centipede
Their constant bitching and crying about Trump being stupid, a clown, a racist, etc is what got me fed up. At first I supported Trump just to troll those incessant annoying Bernie losers. In a couple weeks I was a real supporter.
"Literally Hitler" is what got me. I had to see for myself how Hitler this dude was.

That phrase turned me conservative
Enjoy the stay and humor!
We mostly post about corruption from the Left and RINOs. We expose violence against conservatives and other groups. 

We make fun of and ridicule Leftists, but condemn violence or calls for violence of all kinds , regardless of if they are targeted at our people or our enemies. 

Our enemies began posting call to violence in this sub and then of course someone from the media calls it out and then suddenly we’re quarantined. 

It’s all coordinated.
We don’t much like the Bushes and think they’re corrupt as fuck. We don’t like the Clintons and think the same. McCain and Romney, we’re no fans of. Obama, that’s a hard no, although many of us voted for his false promises. Reagan we mostly like but we’re willing to call out the mistakes he made too. Carter, we think was weak, but probably not evil. JFK, we mostly like, but we know he had that sleazy side too. Still, the guy called out the CIA and the Federal Reserve and took a bullet for it, so you gotta respect that. Basically we’re pretty much just normal people.
Oh, you're going to love it here.  Welcome, rebel!
Welcome brother
Thank you!  After 8 years it’s the last place I enjoy on Reddit.  We appreciate it and hope you stay.
Fistbump
Streisand Effect! News flash leftists... the majority of people HATE censorship!
Don't have to be an american to share beliefs values and dream the same dreams. Defend your nation against the disease and mental illness of liberal progressives
Actually, I don't think they can - post history quarantines posts here!

Ultra top kek!
You're damned right.

It's about time I did *something* to support freedom of speech.  I'm almost greatful to the admins for such a clear opportunity.
Good on you for sticking up for what is right and putting aside our differences for the common good.  Get this man a coat!
You are welcome here.  About rule VI "Trump Supporters Only".  We have no way of knowing without checking your comment history.  We use this rule to ban people who come here and say negative things as this is a Pro Trump area.  But if you are here and just want to participate and do not violate the rules, you are welcome.

Try being here for a while and then try and post or comment in the other subs.   You will be hit with negative comments and possibly be banned from those subs just because, "You post on The Donald".

Be wary of those who say bad things to you and claim to be members here.  We are getting a lot of new members and those new users may not know that we are nothing like Reddit claims we are.

Thanks for being a person of principle and not a mindless robot!
We have cookies and milk if you want to leave the democrat party. When was the last time they lowered your taxes? :)
> overboard with censorship 

To recap, this is literally the last *48 hours*...

1. 
@YouTube
 bans 
@Pinterest
 investigation
2. 
@Twitter
 suspends Veritas for Pinterest story
3. 
@reddit
 bans Project Veritas
4. 
@YouTube
 bans 
@Google
 investigation
5. 
@Vimeo
 removes Project Veritas account
6. @reddit bans all links to bitchute
7. @reddit quarantines the The_Donald

DO YOU THINK BIG TECH IS WORKING TOGETHER?

Say it with me: OLIGOPOLY
Welcome!
Welcome fren
I love ozzies, I have followed some of the general politics over there as well :)
cheers cunt
I wasn't either before I joined... turns out, Reddit was lying to me about what this sub was like.
Welcome!!
We’re fascinating to talk to.
WE JUST CAN'T STOP WINNING, FOLKS! THE TRUMP TRAIN JUST GOT 10 BILLION MPH FASTER!

CURRENT SPEED: 324,809,385,117,000 MPH!

At that rate, it would take approximately 5.166 years to travel to the Andromeda Galaxy (2.5 million light-years)!
Same here, weird thing was when I checked my subscriptions this was not listed but when I typed in the the web address to get here it said I was a member. There’s some more fuckery afoot pedes
WE are still subscribed Its just not showing up because we are quarantined.
Welcome!
Thanks!
What happens if they achieve what they want and silence all non-Democrats? Are they just going to stop there? After that they will just start banning the wrongthink within the party. It’s like they want a world where no one is allowed to disagree with them on anything.
They'll always allow subs like CTH because its fascism they agree with.
...and if anyone of the new people reading this do see a comment that calls for violence, report it because we truly do not condone those types of comments here.
FOR THE LOVE OF GOD GET THIS PATRIOT A COAT! 

THATS 205,000ish COATS HANDED OUT!

We are 30.24% of our goal to coat the 677,??? great people of Detroit, Michigan. Let's make sure everyone gets a coat in the United States! For every Centipede a coat, for every coat a Centipede! This bot was created by devious1087, feedback always welcome
Really surprised you found it through Google... they took us out of the autocomplete suggestions and also they promote a lot of negative articles about us to the top of the results.
I was banned from a sub that I had never previously been to or even heard of, that I only found out about because people mentioned this behavior here. This is even though I would have otherwise supported their cause...although I wouldn't actually want to associate with them, as they sounded like deranged, histrionic loons.

That's the problem with the left, their causes aren't necessarily so wrong, but man are these people insane.
No!  We only ban when someone comes here and violates one of the rules.  Which means if you say something negative toward The President, yes you will be banned.  But you are certainly welcome here if you do not violate the rules.

We are nothing like what Reddit will tell you.
Realistically I don't see it happening.  This is purely a political move, and admins just needed the excuse to make it happen.  This sub will eventually be banned.
Welcome... if it's your first time here you will discover that we are nothing like the rest of Reddit says we are.

Check our rules and hit the report button if you see a comment that breaks the rules.

Thanks for joining!
I encourage you to stay a while.  You're likely to run across some news stories you won't see elsewhere.  For example I don't know of anyone else among my family and friends who knew about the Battles for Berkeley, Huntington Beach and Portland until I showed them.  I don't know what's crazier, that those things happened or that they weren't in the news.
Againsthatereddits, Communism, twoxchromasomes, Latestagecapitalism... the list goes on...
Do you NEED to sub to comment?
I don't agree with the Racism there as most people here agree that racism is not good.  I understand a lot of the comments there are just doing it to rile people up.

Good thing we have a rule against that stuff here.  Say something racists here... goodbye, go home to mommy!
Saying something critical or negative of Trump breaks rule VI.  You can come here and express your opinion as long as you are not violating one of the rules.  In contrast, the other political subs will straight out ban you just because you subscribe here.
I noticed you once posted in T_D CHECK MATE NAZI
Welp, comment's still up, I guess.
He can post and not subscribe, you know. He never said it was his first post here.
It's not a bastion of free speech, it's a forum for like-minded conservatives and supports of TD. Most of us who are banned from other forums, for me Worldnews and News is because we shared our values and red pilled a few people. What's okay for the left, is also fair game for the right son.
The sidebar clearly says trump supporters only. Pretty simple. We are a community that uses the reddit platform (key word platform, not publisher). We are allowed to ban anyone who is clearly not a trump supporter. You are getting the application of free speech a little mixed up here.
It absolutely is.  Reddit doesn't want people to see content here.  And just in time for the 2020 election.   What a coincidence!
Wait, subs actually do that? That's ridiculous
Ditto.  Or should I say me too ?
Which is against site rules btw. But I guess that doesn't matter to the admins.
Every time I post somewhere....some one comes out with the "he posts in T\_D, so he doesn't count"...its like a bot.
#MeToo
If subs ban you for being a member of TD, shouldn’t it discourage shills from posting here now? Because you can’t even see this sub’s posts if you aren’t a member, now that it’s quarantined.
Pick me next! I’ve been here ~3 years and still no bans for me
And you deserve every one of them you limp dick sack of shit
They ban us cuz they ain't us.
I just got banned from breakingmoms...what the fuck? Didnt even know it existed and I'm not a mom.
We have seen the leftists are true bigots since Trump got elected.

Love Trump's hate was a facade and when they lost their true colors came out with their racism and bigotry. They aren't pretending anymore.
Seriously???
I’ve had a few bans - been awhile since I was last banned from a sub though. Would love for a few more to feed in.
Good thing I only come to Reddit for the_donald.
Iv'e lost track of how many accounts i have gone through.
It’s a badge of honor really
Rule #7 though.
Ignore this guy, everybody:   he posts on the T_D!  Hurr durr!
NPC: "Oh, you post in the Donald. Im done with you"
I once got banned from some ultra-left wing sub that I stumbled upon on the front page simply because I replied to this [image](https://i.redd.it/7woutta9gdj21.jpg) and said - word for word - "I agree that EMTs should be paid more and healthcare is a wholly separate conversation altogether, but this is just a terribly stupid comparison." (Really didn't want to get into a healthcare debate with people that would make Sanders blush and tell them to tone it down.)

I was told I used an "ableist word" when I said "stupid". 

Think about that. I was AGREEING with them that EMTs should be paid more money for the services they provide but they couldn't accept a critique of a shit comparison that would make a 5th Grade Debate coach cringe. So they deleted my comment and kicked me out 

It's one thing to go into a sub and purposefully fight against what the theme is - I'm not going to be floored and shocked if a sub dedicated to loving soup kicks me out for saying that I think salad is the better option. But when someone is saying that they agree with you on a point of your argument but the way you're arguing it is poorly done, and your reaction is to absolutely silence them.... there's a problem.
T_D and spacex are all I'm here for.
I only get on the internet for TD.
I have subbed to 0 other subs since I began lurking here in 2015. I very rarely visit, and find no worth in commenting on any other subs, as well.



My Reddit experience has been so much nicer since I made that move.



 And it was really a great move...let me tell you. It was probably the best move in the history of great moves.
They went with the anti-police angle because a) they think they can trick conservatives into turning on us by saying we’re “anti-police”, and b) they want to rub it in by making the lie as absurd as possible, and in such violation of our actual beliefs. It’s extreme gaslighting and a power flex. “We can make up absurdities about you and watch, the entire corporate media and all of our NPCs will repeat it unquestioningly.” Suddenly all these Marxists and communists and Antifa types are play-acting like they love cops. The same people marching in the streets chanting, “What do we want? Dead cops! When do we want it? Now!” 

Here in this dom we regularly post the names and photos of police officers slain in the line of duty to share their story and memorialize their sacrifice. Name one other political sub doing that.
T’would appear the bots have been quarantined as well.
FOR THE LOVE OF GOD GET THIS PATRIOT A COAT! 

THATS 205,000ish COATS HANDED OUT!


We are 30.24% of our goal to coat the 677,??? great people of Detroit, Michigan. Let's make sure everyone gets a coat in the United States! For every Centipede a coat, for every coat a Centipede! This bot was created by devious1087, feedback always welcome.
**FOR THE LOVE OF GOD GET THIS PATRIOT A GOAT! THATS 205,501,746,122 GOATS HANDED OUT!**

We are 681027182.9% of our goal to give service goats to the 298,695 great people of Anchorage, Alaska. Let's make sure everyone gets a goat in the United States! For every Centipede a goat, for every goat a Centipede!

This bot was created by devious1087, and I have appropriated it. [Meme Reference!](https://thefreerangelife.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/12/IMG_6564-240x300.jpg)
Unfortunately, it happened to most of us just for joining this sub. :/ But we're the fascists...
Old news, my good sir.  My first post that gained 1k upvotes on TD triggered (pun intended, with malice forethought) a raft of notifications to my inbox plus some delightful DMs.

As I once proudly wrote for a review of Reddit as a whole.  "I came for The_Donald, just about everything else is cancer".
Yep, surprise! You are one of the unclean now!
Yeah, I've been shadowbanned from most of Reddit for a long time now and I don't even post here that often.
They have some sort of script that goes through their member list and if you're a member her it auto-bans you there.
Some of the founders of the school moved to California as well and started a chapter of that school IIRC.
The term for this is "cultural marxism." Just as economic marxism attempts to overthrow the rich, cultural marxism attempts to overthrow the status quo and traditional society
before you leave go spend that karma like a lottery winner at his last day at work
Karma is just fake internet points. You'll survive just fine! 😄

It just occurred to me Karma may be akin to China's citizenship points. Although far easier to distribute, remove, and other citizens take care of that, not Reddit itself.
Like "The Grinch Who Stole Christmas" they took our bots, they took our art, they took our flairs.... but we all come back to this bare tree and gather round... Bawhoo boris, bawho boris welcome welcome to The_Donald!
It's a setup, it's completely fake. They'll be banning us as the 2020 election heats up. Trust me.
They don't want to see source material. They want a large media conglomerate to tell them how to FEEL.

I became a conservative when I stopped reading articles and started watching debates to see what the candidates were saying. Rather than trusting when people say Project Veritas is BS, I WATCH the video and draw my own conclusions.
They took our bots from us 😥
FOR THE LOVE OF GOD GET THIS PATRIOT A COAT! 

THATS 205,000ish COATS HANDED OUT!

We are 30.24% of our goal to coat the 677,??? great people of Detroit, Michigan. Let's make sure everyone gets a coat in the United States! For every Centipede a coat, for every coat a Centipede! This bot was created by devious1087, feedback always welcome
Ludicrous bricks\*.
FOR THE LOVE OF GOD GET THIS PATRIOT A BRICK! THAT'S 146109 BRICKS HANDED OUT!

We are at 20.5791221632628073305486464% of our goal to BUILD THE WALL starting from Imperial Beach, CA to Brownsville, Texas! Let's make sure everyone gets a brick in the United States! For every Centipede a brick, for every brick a Centipede!

At this rate, the wall will be 1606.60998275801025079224496 MILES WIDE and 428.175925654838233107647676 FEET HIGH by tomorrow! DO YOUR PART! 

brick bot is feeling under the weather, so brick distribution will be performed on a volunteer basis
there is a war on your mind
Our sub has been grossly mis-categorized. What I ~~told you~~ said, we all believe here. All of us.

&nbsp;


(Edit: Thought you were the OP lol)
If spez can edit comments, he can edit numbers.

&#x200B;

For real though. They changed the advertised numbers from subscribers to impressions to try and downplay the amount of people who actually come here.
Dont forget the brick!
FOR THE LOVE OF GOD GET THIS PATRIOT A COAT! 

THATS 205,000ish COATS HANDED OUT!

We are 30.24% of our goal to coat the 677,??? great people of Detroit, Michigan. Let's make sure everyone gets a coat in the United States! For every Centipede a coat, for every coat a Centipede! This bot was created by devious1087, feedback always welcome
>You guys don't appear to be the extremists that everyone makes you out to be.

And that's exactly why they keep spewing that toxic narrative. They don't want anyone to hear what we have to say because our ideas and worldviews make much more sense than theirs do.
Correct.  Stick around.  Speak your mind.  Enjoy your new sub!
QUICK, the beacons are lit, the beacons are lit!
Doesn't make a bit of difference. There's still no brakes on this train.
F
F
FOR THE LOVE OF GOD GET THIS PATRIOT A COAT! THATS 205,501 COATS HANDED OUT!

We are 68.8% of our goal to coat the 298,695 great people of Anchorage, Alaska. Let's make sure everyone gets a coat in the United States! For every Centipede a coat, for every coat a Centipede
we like you allll nighttttttt longggg
Damned straight. Being a swing voter is the best. Ideas over allegiances.

Not sure how I'll ever vote Dem again with how they act lately, but who knows? The power hungry coopt and ruin the best groups over time. Before Trump GOP was the party of the Koch Brothers. Blech.
SirBotsalot!
Seriously thank you for the offer unfortunately I am at a point in my life where I need to make some cash before I can finance a move that big ( I'm only 22 ) it is my end goal to somehow end up in America unless by some miracle my country decided to become normal again.

There are a few Americans I see online who are helping people immigrate over from South Africa where those people are dealing with the real effects of a corrupt system and those people are honestly heroes.

Thanks for the offer, perhaps one day I will mange to get to a point where I can move.
And we could call the show "Big Brother." 😁
Silencing ideas faster than a Nazi book burning party
So basically all big tech companies are working in concert to eliminate competition? So as opposed to a single monopoly ruling over all of this they can claim they're not because they have no control over what their friends do. Nice.

Real government action is going to be needed if that's the case. At the very least this should be being investigated vigorously. Then again it's not like media companies are straining themselves to make sure these problems are noticed.

I guess it's time to write representatives and take it from there.
Oh no, there's no brick bot either? That's ludicrous! Damn, we were so close to our Trump train reaching Andromeda ...
They probably need to somehow click to accept so the bot can view this dom
Murdered like a baby in a leftist's womb.
Flairs seem to have been deep six'd, too.
your exactly like me, i was a pro-bernie, thought i knew everything and we were going to change the world, just hated all the Trump bashing, started really thinking about "why does everyone love Trump before he ran, and now he is being bashed as a racist, homophobic, xenophobic, blah blah blah" then i actually started researching rather than just reading the headlines, and it was so different, it was blatantly obvious that the MSM, facebook, etc, were trying to steer the election towards Hillary, that's when I was over it, I love the underdog and the fact that he threw a wrench in "the system"
I'm well aware of the coordinated collusion... I watch a lot of videos from Tim Pool and a few other "intellectual dark web" types. "Rules for thee, but not for me". "It's okay when we do it" (Milkshakes etc...). The left is so in control of the big online spaces, but if they think they can control people through forceful suppression of ideas, they're wrong and also bad actors.
Normal people who aren't on board with woke progressivism. Every professional space seems tainted with identity politics and people like us are afraid to speak out against it because we'll be pariahs both socially and professionally. And our online voices are being taken away too.
Yup don't much like the gop establishment, uniparty, rinos, cucks or their beta sisters the democrats aka liberal progressives
Responders on other subs always mention that I post here and either down vote or say rude shit.
All they gotta do is click on username and see where you post.
Isn't having negative views on the president and getting banned for stating them censorship? OP said he abhors all forms of censorship.
Yeah but I kind of like the no rules aspect of 4chan.  The only rule they have is no direct threats and no doxxing.  But any words you wanna use you can.  It's like the wild west.  It's refreshing actually.   I just feel big tech will just keep making up arbitrary rules and keep moving the Overton window like they have been and even what we are saying now is against the rules.
I'm not sure if they are actually racist, they just tend to say things like that to be edgy.
Can express your opinion as long as it's not negative towards Trump...sounds like censorship to me.
OP is clearly implying that he's a moderate, who's joining the subreddit because they 'abhor censorship', despite posting here before. Not calling them a nazi, just a liar, and a pissweak one at that.
Colour me surprised
But then why all the critique of liberal echo chambers when this is also just an echo chamber? Like minded Trump supporters should still be able to disagree on things
[removed]
You should be getting your notification any minute now. Check your inbox. Welcome to the club
Absolutely.
Usually the first is xxchromosomes, then offmychest

Spez spelling
I was shadowbanned and outright banned from many other subs after posting here. Some of them I wasn't even a member of and had never visited, I just received a private message saying I was banned.
Ive been banned from 3 subs without ever once having said something political. I only keep my politics for this sub. That doesn't matter to fascists though. For them, if you think differently, you're evil and cannot be tolerated.
Yeah, I got banned from guitar for being a member of guitarcirclejerk. It's dumb; it happens.
Subs that I’ve never visited or even heard from have sent me messages letting me know I’m not welcome in their communities.
check your offmychest status.
Happened to me on a bunch of subs long time ago. No reason given, just pushed out.
you mean you haven't been banned? How did you get by? TONS of subs ban anyone that posts here. You hear people talk about it all the time, it has to be true.
I got banned from gifs 2 days ago, i still don't know why.
There are documents on Pastebin that contain nothing but usernames of tens of thousands of T_D users.  No context, no title, just usernames that all share one thing; they post on T_D.  **I am speculating** but I believe those lists are used as an easy way to preemptively ban T_D users before they even try posting, or shortly after posting, in other subs.

Spez (<-- "Edit" for the uninitiate): [Here](https://pastebin.com/TL9yGbQ6) is one such example from pastebin.
more than that, in 2015/16 alot of us were added to a LIST for Reddit enhancement suite so we could be spotted by tag and colour ANYWHERE on reddit.
As soon as I posted here the first time I was autobanned from several sub reddits (that I would NEVER have subscribed to anyway)
Yeah I'm not even a Donald supporter infact I was contesting something someone said and BLM banned me cause I said something on here.
The mods here ban you for participating elsewhere on reddit
There are aps that will tell you that someone posts in The_Donald, so that you can call them a nazi and dimiss their arguments without having to look up their post history yourself.
No sub worth visiting, though.
yes
T_D is the scarlet letter around here.
Yep.  Definitely.
Dude that's not the half of it. They literally have an addon that gives a badge to users who post on td so they can more easily attack us.

They literally put jew stars on us.. and now we are quarantined...

Makes you think, doesnt it?
Yeah I’m banned from my own cities sub. Lol fuck you El Paso you salty bois.
Yes. It is common for shills to come here, look up other subs you post in, and try to get you banned in those subs because you post here. It happened to me, but fortunately the mods in the other non-political sub I subscribe to told the shill to fuck off.
Yeah, they'll ban you even if you've never visited or posted there. I've gotten notices telling me that because I visit here I am banned from their group. Groups I've never been to and know nothing about. I tried responding to the ban messages a couple times asking them what was going on and got an automated message that I am prohibited from contacted the mods of that group. Okay!
Just wait til they say you've had suspicious activity and suspend you from posting. Ask me how I know. Or you can look at how my posts stopped around Jun 4.

I had to go reset my password just for this.
Mademesmile banned me and after I DMed their mods they sent an emoji of an scissor cutting a penis.

And there is a shadow ban which they ban you even if you didn't sub or post in them.

These losers have no life, they have this browser plugin that shows if a user participated in TD or Mensrights or MGTOW.

Sitting in their mom's basements 24/7 being nothing other than a parasite, no wonder why they want socialism.
Plus you'll have a timer applied for commenting on some other subs, so you can only post every 10 or 30 minutes
 [https://gyazo.com/389187feb658656d0c8600eb3e3effe8](https://gyazo.com/389187feb658656d0c8600eb3e3effe8) 

&#x200B;

Yep
There are multiple communities and bots on Reddit that scrub this subreddit to keep track of which users contribute here, so they can be added to a list which is referenced by an add-on/extension/app that will put a tag next to those user names so they can be easily identified in other subs as "someone who posts on T_D". A gold star if you will. That's why you will see some dude in some random subreddit who made a post about which flavor Oreo is their favorite get called out as a Nazi bigot who posts on T_D. The lists are out there and have been posted here a couple times. But that's all totally OK to do so long as you're on the 'right side of history'.
Oh yeah just wait until you make a point on any other sub, they will see you posted on T_D and then say your opinion doesnt matter then.
this is my reddit now.
Yup, for several years now, and if you even talk about it in other subs that don't automatically ban you, you get shadow banned! People don't know (or believe) it's even happening!

I campaigned in several states for Bernie in 2016 and ultimately ended up voting for Jill Stein that year and I've been banned from several subs I used to be active in just because I subscribe/VERY occasionally comment here. I don't support Donald Trump AT ALL but the extreme nature of these coordinated attacks against him and his supporters are so out of control I'm thinking I'm going to pinch my nose and pull the lever for him in 2020 just out of spite for the power hungry sociopaths trying to control people's thoughts by controlling what they are allowed to see.

If you haven't seen it yet, enjoy: https://gohmert.house.gov/uploadedfiles/google.mp4
dude I cannot post in almost any other subreddit on this account without getting harassed. /MMA is fine with the Donald cause he was a early MMA pioneer, but everywhere the hate is real and retarded.
Yup, endless list of subs I've never even posted in banning me for posting here
It's actually against reddit's rules to ban someone because they visit another sub, but this is reddit, so rules only apply to the plebs.
It's ridiculous that it comes in some virtue signal email like from TwoXChromosomes  which is basically a Yahoo answers where mental cases with Daddy issues cry about being lonely.
Been doing it for 2 years and there is also a Chrome plugin with a database of TD users so they can follow us around.

I'm in the database, wouldn't have it any other way.
POUND me too!
It is okay when left leaning subs do it.  The rules only exist for subs they don't like.
I'm having the same problem. Messaging mod now. I have "0" faith
Some people have slow brains that require easy rules to follow.
I thought were were only allowed to choose if people count or not if we're pregnant and going in for an abortion.
You can say yes to the question and it lets you through even if you're not signed in.
I am minutes away from SpaceX Boca Chica and check out progress at the launch site a few times monthly.  



The launches can't come soon enough.
Add conspiracy, gunpolitics and weekendgunnit and that's me too.
Get this man a coat! 
Thats 1,208,890 coats handed out today!

We can do the job of the bots!
God damnit that's just fucking stupid. I love our bots. Well, lov*ed* I guess now... 😥
Oh man, you don’t fuck with my coats and bricks. This is super cereal.
Quad bricks could be considered a threat to illegal migrants, ok?
for all subs or  just some? I was sent dms from a couple subs when I joined up in 2016. I read his 100 day plan and liked it so I jumped on the trump train.
Nah I think most of the niche subs are pretty good and the porn subs too. Anything general like pics, news, or offmychest is pretty bad though.

Does anyone else remember that time Ben Shapiro list his cool and was #1 on world news for 2 days?
They can take our bots but they can never take our copypasta!

&#x200B;

# I won't be repeating it. My wife and I sold our wedding and engagement rings to buy guns and gun training courses. We won't let them take our ethnic neighbors some day. We all need to train ourselves to protect our democracy before it's too late. It sucks that I wake up crying every day now because this is our world. I wasn't meant to be a soldier I was a cheese maker. I made fucking cheese. But now I'm a soldier thrown into some Hitler remake god it's awful
and our flair...
Here, have a coat and a brick from me. A human-to-human connection! 🤗
that is so not cash money
Yeah, that is becoming apparent as I browse through it.

I see expression of opinion.  I do see expressions of disagreement with many left leaning ideas, but I also see a conspicuous lack of calls to silence everyone you don't agree with.

I don't see any overt racism.  I don't see name calling.  I see more positivity than negativity.

This place is refreshing.
and we've got analytics from right after the election showing 6 million+
I suspect that a lot of the social media algorithms are just moving the decimal point over as they see fit. So 7 million subscribers becomes 700,000.
FOR THE LOVE OF GOD GET THIS PATRIOT A BRICK! THAT'S 142697 BRICKS HANDED OUT!
We are at 20.0986872404735730941994976% of our goal to BUILD THE WALL starting from Imperial Beach, CA to Brownsville, Texas! Let's make sure everyone gets a brick in the United States! For every Centipede a brick, for every brick a Centipede!
At this rate, the wall will be 1569.10247700071035643018164 MILES WIDE and 418.179840003069314135858409 FEET HIGH by tomorrow! DO YOUR PART!
WE JUST CAN'T STOP WINNING, FOLKS! THE TRUMP TRAIN JUST GOT 10 BILLION MPH FASTER! CURRENT SPEED: 323,899,385,117,000 MPH! At that rate, it would take approximately 5.181 years to travel to the Andromeda Galaxy (2.5 million light-years)!
100% agree, the last 2 elections I ended up not voting for anyone in Ilhan Omar's 5th district in MN because the R candidate sucked.  I meet them in person and all I got from them was that they were an empty suit.  The same guy that ran as the "R" candidate in 2016, primaried for the "D"s in 2018.  Not cool!
Beto. this is another test.  Beto.  Damnit they’ve got them all!  All bots are down.  This memes WAR!
WE JUST CAN'T STOP WINNING, FOLKS! THE TRUMP TRAIN JUST GOT 10 BILLION MPH FASTER!

CURRENT SPEED: 324,809,385,117,000 MPH!

At that rate, it would take approximately 5.166 years to travel to the Andromeda Galaxy (2.5 million light-years)!
Ditto. And then while researching Trump I started to think about incentives. And how capitalism has the right incentives in the right place. How welfare has incentives in the wrong place. How more jobs would EMPOWER people to easily meet the right incentives and build them up. Purpose. Income. Self-sufficiency.
Checkmate drumpf huuuuur
On the phone now, but on PC any posts here are tagged as quarantined in a user's history; didn't think to check if they were memory-holed, but it wouldn't surprise me.
Anywhere you go in the world, if you join a group and say negative things about that group, you will not be welcome in that group.  We have had members here not agree with the President on some things but as far as I know, we did not boot them just for a comment.  Rule VI says, "Trump Supporters Only"... which means we support the President.

You are free to say things you don't agree with... the question is can you say those things without being disrespectful and without making personal attacks on the one you are conversing with?

You are not being censored here.  You want to see censorship?  Stay here a few weeks and participate in good faith... follow the rules.  Then go over to the politics sub and try the same.  Pretend you support Trump when you are there and see how you are treated.

You will find, you are treated with much more respect here than there.  That is how I found this place and that is what brought me over to this side of things.  The other side, pushed many of us away.

Anyway, welcome! Please see the rules and enjoy your time here.
I do like the freedom there.  Just realized I've been going there for ~15 years now... where has the time gone!!!
I agree... that's what I was trying to say when I said that they are just doing it to rile people up.  I would be pissed if that site ever went down.
What is your favorite baseball team?  If you were on that team, would you feel welcome there?  What if you were on that team but said negative things about your team mates and your team?  

They would kick you off the team wouldn't they?  Is that censorship or is that just maintaining the values of the group?

Again, you are certainly welcome here and you are welcome to state your opinion of things.  Would someone be allowed in your favorite sub to come in and say negative things toward what the sub stands for?

Call it censorship if you want.  It's the same kind of "Censorship" you would have if you were kicked out of a baseball game for booing your own team.
Whoosh.
Oh shit you cracked the case dude
Trust me, there is civil disagreement on this sub, despite what you might have heard - this is not a hivemind. But from everything I've ever witnessed on this sub, any disagreements are respectful for the most part. We support the President, but we don't all think alike.
Hey bud, look at this way. If someone goes to the Spider-man sub and starts shitting on Spider-man as a character and telling everyone there that anyone who likes Spider-man is a moron, is that something the Spider-man mods have to entertain? Or are fans of Spider-man allowed to discuss their love of Spider-man without having to constantly fight off attacks they aren’t interested in? 

No one here has a problem with the Democrat sub or Bernie sub banning Republicans and Trump supporters who waltz in and slam them for what they like. If they ban those people, it’s fine. 

With the Politics and World News subreddits, it’s a little bit different because those places claim to be neutral and not fan clubs for specific people or parties. So we don’t even much care that they ban everyone who disagrees with them, we just say hey, at least admit you’re not neutral. 

But this is us just going to our corner to talk about the POTUS without the constant negativity and it’s still not good enough. They won’t even let us have our little corner. Honestly I don’t even care that much that they rig our numbers and block us from the front page. But man, let us just have our corner.
That is the excuse they (and you) use.  Nobody but leftist snowflakes is buying it.  The same thing is happening at google, youtube, facebook, etc.
What do you mean?
I would also like to test this.
Sadly I have not got the kick from them yet... Guess I need to comment more!
I got banned from xxchromosomes for calling some dude a dude.
So nothing to lose sleep over
I was banned from ‘off my chest’ for saying “thank you” to James O’Keefe when he did an AMA a few years ago.  

This is just absolute crazy.
Never been banned. I wonder if you have to post in other subs to get banned? This account very rarely posts outside TD
I actually prefer trueoffmychest

It's not a safespace, and sometimes the views can be controversial, but I think people there are a lot more honest. Brutally honest sure, but honest.
That's cause your reputation proceeds you little pede.
One time I was auto banned from a sub and the post said I was a bot upvoting things.

I thought about it a minute and came up with:

According to them I am an AUTOBOT!

Transformers!  More than meets the eye!
My previous account was shadowbanned too and i have literally no idea why besides the fact that i post here. Most of my other posts were just discussing tv shows and shit
Happy Cake Day!
Don’t forget we’re wrong, despite their hypocrisy.
That’s a win!
I’ve been here almost 3 years and have posted a few times and no bans for me either. I feel left out :(
*Kamala Harris entered the chat.*
Rules for thee but not for me
Some pigs are more equal than other pigs.
It's true. Even if something looks bad, if the left is i doing it, then it is for the greater good of the world!
*It's not left leaning it's anti-evil*  

Reddit's a joke. Swartz is rolling in his grave.
For a non-member, that question does not appear.
I went to the Kennedy Space Center, with my Trump hat, and got nothing but complements on it from the staff there. Went on the bus tour past SpaceX and the Boeing pads. Really impressive to see it all in person.
Eleventy-seven and twelve-score bricks laid just this minute!!!  

WOOHOO, chugga chugga!
more jobs!?
They banned our fucking bots!?!?! WTF!?!?
I need my *QUAD BRICKS!*
I think it's just some. I've been able to post on gaming subs and show subs I like (so far). I never received an official ban from /pol but I am shadow banned. I actually tried asking questions and having discussions and they booped me right outta there.
Just a few. 

I was banned from offmychest for being a member here. Sucks because I actually enjoyed that sub.
It depends if you commit wrong think in other subs and someone is triggered enough to look at your post history and proudly proclaims that you post on t_d so you are irrelevant REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Some though that can range from a small half-dozen to several dozen which are normally time variant in the banning. Some can be done as little as several minutes to as long as 1 and a half years.

Do expect to be shadow banned from a lot more though. The most famous shadow planned area on reddit for just joining or posting any type of agreement here is /pol.
What happened to this guy after he found out everyone at his gun class is pro Trump and nice? lol.  
( of course pretending any of this actually happened )
I WAS A CHEESEMAKER
Reddit admin gave us some [options](https://imgur.com/kibcuc4)...
I'm so sad about that. I was proud to be SUPER ELITE. Freaking fascists. Grrrr.
Wait...is my No Steppy gone?!?! 🤬
Why kill our flair? Freaking Nazis.
Am I still Kekistani?
This is what the Trump train means to me. No Brakes!!!
I will be the first to admit that we get a rare asshat post that goes against the grain, but they are either left at single digit upvotes, or are removed. (Just like any other sub on Reddit)

&nbsp;


Enjoy your stay. Invite a friend. You will see that we are not the boogy men that we have been made out to be.

&nbsp;

:)
This is what I suspect.
Doing Gods work. Or brickgivingbots lol
Beto bot has been dead for a little while now since he stopped being relevant.
Sound a lot like Thomas Sowell. It's a shame that they've censored him and blacklisted him for decades. Such a brilliant mind and an early escapee of the democrat mind control in doc program
Just found out all of my posts are being rejected
Just clicked on your user name. It shows all of your posts in all of the subs The_Donald posts has "Quarantined" flair is the only diff.
> You are not being censored here. You want to see censorship? Stay here a few weeks and participate in good faith... follow the rules. Then go over to the politics sub and try the same. Pretend you support Trump when you are there and see how you are treated.
> 
> 

So I am allowed to criticize Trump here as long as I am respectful?
Yes it would be allowed because it creates conversations and allows for discussion with someone who has an opposite view of mine. I don't see the problem with that. 

If someone came onto my favorite team's sub and said something negative/critical of a performance/play/etc., am I going to want them removed? No. I would see what they had to say and respond if I could contribute to the discussion.
Trust me I want this corner to exist, but I don't like calling out Dems for their echo chambers when everyone loves their own echo chamber. Let's not be hypocrites.
The minute you post here you get insta-banned from quite a few subs

Spez: “posting” includes commenting here. Sorry about the confusion, fam
You'll also get death threats, labeled a white supremacists, and told to kill yourself and you entire family. It's happened to just about everyone here.
I got banned from a random sub, admin messaged me: "Trump supporters or traitors"
They'll autoban you for posting here

 [https://gyazo.com/389187feb658656d0c8600eb3e3effe8](https://gyazo.com/389187feb658656d0c8600eb3e3effe8)
Have an adult conversation with someone about politics in some random sub somewhere, argue a bit, perhaps attempt to agree to disagree; then they'll identify you as someone who doesn't have Trump Derangement Syndrome or, worse yet, is neutral or even (gasp!) supportive toward Trump's presidency.

This can easily get you banned from tons of subs.
It'll happen eventually. I was banned from two subs literally for making a post here (content and context wasn't the issue, just you posted there you can't post here). Might be a little lagged with all the new people posting here today though.
What a crime.
What a racist you are
Fascist.
The nerve!
Why do you torment dudes, dude?
You see some women need to get prostate exams and some men can get pregnant.
Easy mistake - you need to look closely to see if the penis and balls are actually feminine penis and balls.
How absolutely dare you
They want to try to shoehorn 21st century technology (immediate intercontinental internet communication) back into last century’s media model, where there is an extreme gatekeeping process that happens before anyone is allowed to speak an opinion that can reach a wide audience. Think about the ‘70s, before we had our current level of Internet communication. Could anyone just get on mainstream television? Could anyone just get on mainstream radio? All that shit was closed off to the average person. But anyone today can film something and post it on Twitter and within an hour, the world has seen it and replicated it millions of times. How are the elites going to put that power back in its box now? They are trying little by little and in a variety of ways, like banning comment sections on websites and news articles, but all that’s doing is making those places suspect. When I read a news article without a comment section, I immediately distrust it now, left or right. Because if an article is legit, it can handle open discussion.
Something like that, they use masstagger which automatically flags users who post in subs they seem "hateful", I've posted in other places and been banned from subs I've never even visited. It's our yellow star
The reg offmychest is larp, like blackpeopletwitter ...lol
*precedes
The way I am seeing it now, everyone on reddit who isn't banned and wearing the yellow rectangle of shame by now is an actual Collaborator with Evil. One can stand with good, or do nothing and let the warmongers take over. History will judge them.
I agree! If you’re taking flak, that means you’re over the target.
I never got a notification like some people are saying but upon trying to post to some subs suddenly found I could not anymore.
Anyone else been receiving private Facebook messages from Kamala Harris recently? I have no idea why but they act like I support her when I post nothing but TD memes on there.
Liberals good. Conservatives baaaaaaaaaad.
Swartz was the soul of reddit.  After the Obama administration drove him to suicide the site got a lot worse.  Swartz believe information needed to be free and people needed to be able to freely communicate.

Huffman and Ohanian are monsters who destroyed what he created and want to control the Internet themselves.
Can't stop this trump train!
#QUAD DAMAGE 


Cant remember the rest. Sorry
Well at least I can still weeb.
 Lol /pol shadow banning people who are informed about politics? Such irony
Well at least I can still weeb.
Yeah that was my boat. It's really gone down hill since I was banned though.
Wait... I see your super elite tag! I'm on mobile so i dont know if that makes a difference but i see you buddy!
I see yours too, pede!! No step on snek
Yes
Lol when you're so scare of ideas you have to silence people who disagree with you.
Have to check from a username that hasn't opted in.
I see policy disagreements fairly regularly.  That’s not the same thing as a lot of the hate and stigma we get simply for having a different opinion.
Can you provide me an example of criticism that is respectful?  You can make up an example if you like... I'm just not sure I understand the question and want to make sure I am able to answer you in earnest without misunderstanding.
Fair enough!  I don't make the rules here.  But if someone violates them, we apparently get quarantined.

See how we are having a great conversation?  No judgement here.  I am honestly interested in hearing opposing views.  I do appreciate that about you although we have differing opinions on things.

Anyway, the thing that gets me hitting the report "censorship" button is when people make racist / violent / other comments that shouldn't be here.  Would you say that if someone made a threatening comment towards someone else that I would be censoring them by getting them banned?  For example, if someone says something racist... is it censorship to ban them?  I'm hoping you can see my viewpoint on this... while some may say it is censorship... others would agree we are just maintaining the community standard.
Sometimes it takes a while for their skimmers to find you. I think I posted here for a month or so before getting auto banned from off my chest and 2x crome.
Just posting here just in case any of those subs missed me, mostly a lurker but let me go ahead and make my presence known
Test
Right! I was hoping you meant you’d send a pm about another meeting place for all of us pedes
If you've never interacted with a subreddit before, you won't get a ban message. So there are probably a bunch more subreddits we don't even know we're banned from for daring to support the President of the United States.

Good riddance, I say.
Of course this violates reddit TOS, but it's not like the admins actually care about TOS violations.

If they did, the main political sub wouldn't still be up after the 30-40 direct threats of murder against police officers and politicians *by name* that I have seen with my own eyes (and that typically receive unanimous upvotes).
Posting only? Or does commenting count too?
F
And you get even more calls about your cars extended warranty.
I got added a created sub that was basically mocking Republicans/Trump fans. It has a real insulting title too. Of course it's OK as long as you hate Trump
Lol fuck that. America needs to take a hard look at institutional censorship and silencing of "opposing" views.

Fuck that. I'm 100 for the Constitution
Free bans from cuck subs? :)
They're speaking truth to power by manipulating multimillion and billion dollar companies to target mostly working class people and kids.

So brave
Like which ones? I’d really like to find out if I’m banned. Too bad there isn’t a way to check which subs you’ve been banned from
I just read that while thinking of a goat/sheep. The goat kinda is weird so I thought about the sheep.
This train has got no brakes!!!
Good enough
Wheew...scared me. 

Thanks!!
Nazis will project.
Posting here for my ban.
If you don't get them right away that account is prob selectively shadowbanned and all comments posted from that account are weighted so that no one sees the posts. That why it takes awhile for the bots to find you.
2xchrom should be renamed to 1extrachrom
I'd already nuked those from my subscriptions, so I apparently I wasn't notified when that happened. I just checked, and yep, can't post there. Shame. Where will I go now to see fictitious stores of female empowerment written by bitter, blue haired feminists?
I wonder if the robot skimmer scripts have access to quarantined groups? Well if not they can skim user profiles and look for the Yellow Rectangles we are forced to wear on our prison suits now.
Hmmm, 2XChrom... hasn't banned me and I've been here ( on T\_D ) for almost a year. Though my low Karma count probably keeps me safe.
I only post here so often, but I haven't gotten banned yet funnily enough. Or I didn't notice.
We stand in solitude.
Same
Me too! It's like those squid bots in the matrix hunting for the_donald posters.
COME AND BAN ME.

&#x200B;

Cut off one account; two more shall take its place...
Same here. I will gladly take bans from other subs in support of freedom of speech. This censorship is insane.
Dude you commented on the Donald the thought police gonna use it against you
<different user> Just to clarify, I'm pretty sure you have to have posted in the other sub once for the insta-ban to happen. I made one post in r. Drama a year and a half ago and they sent me a ban notice 2 weeks ago
\*\*HOW DARE YOU SIR!\*\*
There are a few private subs but I think their radar is on high alert right now.

A lot of people moved to voat which is MUCH more conservative even on their politics page....but.....I have to warn you that whenever there’s an influx of Reddit refugees they like to flex their “free speech muscles” and it can be pretty off putting for some. 

If you can ride it out and find a few subs that aren’t quite so in-your-face it’s pretty ok, though
Commenting, too.
Offmychest and twoxchromosones were the ones I remember (this was like a year ago). I was just searching trying to find a way to get a list but according to most sources the only way to know is to be notified by the mods or not have options to comment on a sub.
WE JUST CAN'T STOP WINNING, FOLKS! THE TRUMP TRAIN JUST GOT 10 BILLION MPH FASTER!

CURRENT SPEED: 324,809,385,117,000 MPH!

At that rate, it would take approximately 5.166 years to travel to the Andromeda Galaxy (2.5 million light-years)!
Welcome friend
Me too. Fuck these freaks. As a Libertarian, I'm this close to voting Trump 2020 just to spite these people.
I’ll go ahead and get mine as well.... already been hit by a few subs so why not get the rest of em
I would like to collect mine as well.
I’ll take a ban for the cause of freedom of association.
Count me in , ban motion activated
I want to get banned also if those subs ban just because you comment here they aren't worth it
Only got banned from 2X chromosome or whatever for posting here. Let's see if I get more bans now

Edit: no new ban =(
Standing with you
Choo Choo, posting for ban.
Ban me too motherfuckers
Likewise. Although I have posted here before it was several months ago.
I'd like to order one ban also please
Same, never been banned before. Sounds fun
You also get branded so they can respond to your rebuttals by telling you that you post to t_d therefore anything you say is invalid.
Fuck it. Let them ban me too
Same, I wanna find out which subs have idiot mods
Same here. Sometimes I get drawn into reading some of these cesspool subs from /r/all always come away feeling dirty.  I'd welcome proactive bans from these shit holes.
Me too brother.
Same
Never been banned. Then again I do not waste time in the wastelands. Am I missing something?
Count me in as well
Normally a lurker, but censorship can go die. One for me too!
Same
I think I'm still good in the Turbografx-16 sub, but that's about it. All the other ones I was subbed to banned me or wouldn't let me post.
Anywhere that has that attitude doesnt deserve me
I got banned from that 2 chromosome sub and I had never been in it or even known it existed.
Thought it might work like that
i got banned from 2chormosome with out ever posting there. thats the only one i know of. the others i was banned after posting.
I can assure you i have never posted in a sub about chromosomes
Thank you! I’ll try voat out, do you know of any good subs there?
Would you look at that! I just tried to submit a comment in both those subs and was told to try again later. Looks like I’m banned from them. Guess the mods were too cowardly to message me and let me know
You're doing the Lords work, pede. Have a coat and a brick, on me.
Anyone else read these bot messages in the Monster Jam guys echoing voice? Complete with engine revving and tire squealing sound effects?
#ERROR, ANOMALY DETECTED. BANNING FROM SUBS NOW....

-reddit ban bots
me too
Trump supporters are happy to debate policy with people who disagree with us in good faith. This is one of the only places on the Internet where people actually debate abortion without flying off the handle with each other. Libertarians, conservatives, classic liberals, ancaps, moderates, centrists - we can all agree to most of the basics and then have reasonable and respectful policy debates within that. We can agree that words mean what they actually mean, based on historical precedent and established dictionary definitions. But these radical Marxist totalitarians? A lot of us would be willing to debate them too, but they have no interest. They just want us censored and silenced across the Internet and in public too. Remember Maxine Waters? “Harass them in public. Make them feel unwelcome. Push back. They have no right here!” How do you have a policy debate with someone like that? How do you discuss an issue with someone who won’t even concede what words mean?
I voted Independent in 16. Will show up to the polls decked out in MAGA in 2020. That's how far the fucking left has pushed me.
You have my account!
There's no guarantee Trump will fix anything. But voting for the democratic nominee will ultimately be a vote for tech censorship. A vote for hate speech laws in general
DOn't vote for Trump to spite anyone.

DYOR and vote for him because he is the best candidate.
And My Axe!
Smite me almighty smiter!
What's worse is going in another sub to comment and getting the "you're racist, you post in The_Donald" response. They're anti-f-a alright.
amen
Amen brother!
Well I just checked... I'm banned from that one too... Never posted there and they never notified me of the ban.
Let me guess saying that men get periods is perfectly ok on that sub and saying there are only two genders is verboten.
Yeah somebody else said that too, so I went and checked... I'm banned there too. They never gave me a ban notice, though
Yeah, I've had this conversation with 2 other people already. That sub banned me too and I'd never posted there either. R. Drama assured me they only do it if someone posted in their sub before (they gloated quite a bit after finding that I made one post in their sub over a year prior... Which must've been from r. All because I'd never actually been there)
If you are ok with Q stuff GreatAwakening is good. Not quite as abrasive as some.
Oh shit. Yeah, I just tested both of those to make sure I was remembering correctly and sure enough "comment failed". And I searched my inbox, no messages from mods.
You only get sent an automatic ban notification if you've interacted with the subreddit before.
I do now
Reddit bots coded by NPC bots... lmao
I shall join you
You don't. It's why the left always devolves into violent totalitarianism. If they wiped us out, they'd tear themselves apart immediately after because they can't handle any disagreement, even in their own ranks. Typically, in a series of escalating purges.
You don't. Their mind is made up, and to them we are the lowest form of human filth simply because we disagree. It's cold logic versus irrational hatred. 

Tolerant. Left.
What he/she said.
I dunno.  It's been a couple hours and no bans.

I think that the only actual change that quarantining is causing is to break the autoban mechanism.

Ironic.
I don't think most of them are all there mentally
It doesn't even pop up under my search results. I assume that means I'm banned also? I don't even know what that group is.
Will do, yes I’m good with Q stuff, I can’t believe this is all happening
I was wondering where all my Q buddies went.
Well now I feel like an asshat.
Reddit search kind of sucks, try a regular web search. You can tell if you're banned if you can't see the "reply" button on comments. Some subs require people to be subscribed to comment, so to confirm you should be subscribed when you check.
First they came for Alex Jones.......
There’s also the  QRV sub that allows for anonymous posting and has been “Q approved” 

I actually prefer Great Awakening because there’s less of the abrasiveness imo.

They’re both good and have a little different vibe from each other
And Stephen Crowder, I’ve warned against a full on media/ internet blackout where we conservatives have no where to rally and communicate... scary times
they are not that liberal.  they are that authoritarian.
Thank you!
I also openly proclaim my support !!!!! Even though I have done so before, in my actions and words, it sure feels good to proclaim !
Thanks for the support mate
Happy to have your support.
Thank you.
We ARE The Donald! We stand on this line and refuse to allow the destruction of our country! We back our President 110% and that ain't going to change because some soy boy computer jockey doesn't like it.
Thanks brother. The Donald appreciates your support and we send you our best all the way to Suriname. God bless you
I come back from a day off the internet and for some reason I'm unsubscribed from TD and the sub is quarentined. What did I miss? How can you call this freedome of speech when you censor one sub because you do not like what they stand for? This site makes me sick to my stomache sometimes. If it wasn't for the soccer subreddits I'd be off this site for good!
GET THIS PEDE A BRICK
We're unsubbing from all subs except TD. If enough pedes do it reddit will know we mean business, pass it on!
Thank you for your support.  South America is a beautiful country.  God Bless Suriname.
They're as deserving of the name "liberal" as their friends are deserving of the name "*anti*fa".
Thanks, Fren.
Welcome aboard!  We need more like you!
I give this a big ole Reeeeeeeeee!!
Thank you friend!
well said
Thanks for the support, and now I know someone from Suriname...that's pretty kool.
The most famous, talked about, and notorious sub on Reddit gets quarantined and there’s not a single post or meme on r/all about it. 

These are soviet level tactics.
Thank you!
You are a South African badass my friend
<3 Thank you so much for your love and aupport <3
God bless the spirit of freedom 💕🇺🇸💕🇺🇸
And we stand by you!
I do too.  I stand for President Trump and I stand for the red white and blue.  I also stand for freedom of speech.  God bless the USA. 🇺🇸  Bye the way, did you know AT&T owns CNN?  I switched to Verizon and I’m saving $75 per month for unlimited everything. 🇺🇸
Thanks for your support from abroad! I hope things are going well in Suriname too.

&#x200B;

Question for you: in America, we run into immigrants from all over the world (since 1965 of course), but strangely in my entire life, I have never once met a person from Suriname. Do you know why the immigration from there is so low? Perhaps you have a paradise and just kept it a secret, so nobody leaves? HA!

&#x200B;

Any info is helpful, thanks pede!
Lekker man. Ik ben ook deels Surinaams, dus het is fijn om te zien dat nog niet iedereen geïndoctrineerd is door ultraprogressieve ideeën.
Damn, we worldwide.
Authoritarian, fascist, statist 

Basically they need to badger people into forceful submission rather than through intellectual persuasion
At this point it's insulting real liberals to call the "liberals" liberals.  If you know what I mean.

They've twisted the word and don't know what it means anymore.  They think it means anarchy.

<3
What about r/hottiesfortrump? I really like that one
K I'm on it. Pede power activate!
South America is a beautiful continent, not country homie
I'm South American lol, but thanks.
My bad south American badass
That's because all of their arguments are moot and illogical. All the indisputable facts point to the reality that President Donald Trump has been a success. There is no real argument other than am appeal to emotion, which isn't an argument at all. The only other option is to censor.

1984 has finally arrived in 2019.
Only Trump stuff and conservative?
I know.  That was a joke.  I've only been to Peru.  Peru is a beautiful country.  Lima is disgusting.  But the rest of the country is nice.
I know I corrected myself afterwords lol my bad
It cracks me up that they think all of a sudden Republicans and conservatives are against the police. We are the most pro-police people if you ask me.
I'm a deputy sheriff in Texas, never once felt like this sub was anything but vehemently pro-law enforcement. That doesn't mean they support bad cops, because I have seen (and agreed with) this sub calling out shitty, abusive cops before. However, how this sub could possibly be quarantined when you spend 5 seconds on chapo trap house and see 500 threats against cops, politicians, and anyone who disagrees with them is absurd.
I support Law Enforcement but not Oregon's lefty Democrat state legislators.
LEO here.  T_D has always been a safe place for me.  Thanks for all your support and for your support of our real heros who are serving/have served in our Military.
I remember a post about the sudden prick in suicides for NYPD. All of the posts were empathetic and encouraged me to try help.
BIG THANK YOU to all the US law enforcement folks that might see this post! You guys are rock stars in my families eyes!
I spent 5 years as a LEO. Been here since 2016.
100% never have seen a call to violence in this sub against LEO's or any other law abiding citizens. Never seen even sarcastic calls to violence against anyone.
I'm one of those guys that loves police who follow their oaths, but abhors those that adhere to the "thin blue line" mentality. We already have a line, it's called the law.

When a police officer ignores or breaks the law to stay on the right side of the "thin blue line", that police officer is no longer an agent of justice, but a criminal with a badge.

There are law breakers in every group or organization, it's human nature, but one of the biggest threats to the rule of law in this country is the establishment of a cadre that feels themselves above the law.

This is what we have seen with Strzok, Page, Comey, Brennan, McCabe, Legendary Crooked Hillary, and on and on and on... Power is corrupting. Again, human nature.

As the public's most common means of coming into contact with the justice system, the police should be held to an incredibly high standard. All too often, however "good" cops cover for bad cops -- they hold the thin blue line.

It's something that has to be talked about. Pretending it doesn't exist does no one any good. There is a growing portion of the population that mistrusts the police. Some of their arguments are valid.
Anyone worth a handful of brain cells knows that all LEOs aren't going to be A grade officers. Some will perform to the letter of the law, some in the spirit, and some will be complete shitlords, just like who they were before being sworn in.

I can do the first two out of three, but the last group should be afforded no quarter. I support all first responders, but don't be an asshole for the sake of it.
lets get this to the top for all the newbies PEDE's

God Bless America, and our men & women in blue.
To say that we’re anti police is completely absurd....they could have at least put a little effort into the thought process
I have never seen any attacks on law enforcement here....and I have family members so I would notice that. Always felt so supported here
I'll keep protecting T_D. And everyone else for that matter.
I was literally wearing a sweatshirt with this pro police flag on it today!! This Quarantine is BS.
We know this is bullshit but take solace in the fact that this is marking the end of reddit. 

&#x200B;

I blocked reddit from our entire enterprise network today under the guise of "time wasting". 

&#x200B;

suck my balls reddit.
truth
Been here a while, can confirm
They are claiming it's in relation to the Governor of Oregon sending police to round up the senators.
That's missing two stripes
Well you know what. I don't support the thin blue line.
Suddenly the anti-police group are mad thinking we are anti-police. How does that work?
Before yesterday this flag was a hate symbol and racist dog whistle. Now we are the one who hate the police.
\[\[\[them\]\]\]
There are supposed to be 13 stripes...
I laughed out loud when I saw the justification. The\_Donald is ultra PRO police.
Truth!
Canadian here,  what does the black and grey stars and stripes with a blue stripe mean?  Seen it a few times over the years
It’s not a Trump sub if it doesn’t include gaslighting. Funny thing about online posts, [they don’t go away just because they’re deleted](https://www.mediamatters.org/research/2019/06/24/A-pro-Trump-subreddit-is-full-of-calls-for-violence-in-support-of-Oregon-Republicans/224018).
Do we love our LEO's, or what?!  

This is all such an obvious setup.  Stay frosty, pedes.
Why is the flag missing two stripes?! That's blasphemy of the highest degree, disrespecting America (1st stripe) and our Police (2nd stripe)!
anyone got this is 4k desktop resize?
Any Internet Bill of Rights should include a ban on the practice of attainder, same as our Constitution does - that is, you can't employ collective punishment against an entire group of people in order to punish a handful of bad actors.
Hey look, it's that flag that represents the lives of police officers mattering that we love and that the left calls "fascist".

All seems perfectly congruous with the narratives of the day.
Amen! Happy Cake Day!
Yes, we are pro-police. 

Now, can we get a fucking backup for when they abolish this sub???
90% of the US police force is probably on our side on this.
Seriously, of all the things they could quarantine us for, they picked quite possibly the least believable one. I've never seen an anti-police comment here. And I've been here since the beginning.
>**BLUE LIVES MATTER**

    take that shit back to t_d lol showed him!
This was how i knew immediately it was fake bs
They are claiming it's in relation to the Governor of Oregon sending police to round up the senators.
We all know that All Conservatives Are Bastards…
100%. It's everyone's job to call out legitimately bad apples, I've pulled over poorly behaved cops (failure to stop @ stop signs, speeding in school zones, etc), and yelled at them to set the example for everyone else while they're in uniform. Wish my back hadn't gotten so messed up, I miss wearing a uniform and trying to make a difference.
Thank you for your service.
Yup it was probably some outsider that made a comment about LEOS that the mods didn't catch. Shit, I have/had 6 family members in law enforcement. I would have been banned a long time ago for defending them if that is what this sub is against. It's all BS. Thanks for doing what you do, man. Appreciate it.
Preach!🙌
And thats why I hate this special flag that makes a mockery of the one we already have!
**SUCK HIS BALLS REDDIT**
Noticed that too. Bad crop.
That's okay too. Welcome to America.
It's the "Thin Blue Line" which represents Our Police officers. People Fly this flag to show support for our Police.
It means police are in a different class than us and stand together. It's a brother hood that shouldn't be challenged no matter what or there will be hell to pay.
What are the other 10%? Diversity hire police chiefs?
Projection blinds them.
We didn't give them a better chance to pin anything on us for years. That's how good we are at policing ourselves.
Buh-buh-buh there was a Media Matters article showing like 3 comments that totally weren't false-flags by AHS and CTH!

\- every leftist on reddit today
It's not okay when the thin blue line is engaging in predatory behavior against the citizens they swear to protect. It's not okay when the police are not held accountable when they violate policy, violate law, and kill people out of "fear" routinely. This is not the America our founding fathers envisioned. They wanted the opposite of the type of policing we suffer today.
I don't know if that's your definition or if that's what the flag really symbolizes.  I hope that's your definition, because what you just described is the cause of the majority of issues in police departments.  

Good officers challenging their shitty officer counterparts would solve a lot of problems.  Instead, there is a cancerous belief that you have to look the other way when you see your "brothers" violating justice for the citizens you're sworn to protect.
You bigot! Dont forget trans and the other wonderful 1000 genders.
Seriously. You don't have to look far for an up voted "kill all cops" comment on default subs.
Yes. I totally agree. Thanks for being vocal on the issue. You aren't alone.
YOU BIGOT THERE ARE 99999^(9999999999999999999999999999999)  GENDERS BIGOT
You left off one of the 9s, Raycisssssss!
We appreciate your support! Thank you for taking the time to write this - I've been visiting The\_Donald daily for the past 2 years almost and have never seen hatred for police officers or violent threats directed toward any individual, democrats or otherwise, and the other nonsensical stuff they decided to quarantine us for. 

&#x200B;

"I may not agree with what you say, but I'll fight to my death to defend your right to say it"
As a left leaning person, is reddit/YouTube/google/Facebook/twitters recent stance over this last year, ie censoring anything right of Karl Marx, going to make you think twice come 2020?

I love trump to death, but if he was censoring all dissenting opinion I couldnt vote for him. Wonder if the normies on the left feel similar.
Thank you for understanding the bigger issue and not painting everyone with the same stroke. 

Youtube is now banning certain teachers because of the historical content that they have on youtube is “offensive”. 

History teachers = bad now. What’s next?
*its not letting me edit for some reason lol*

Thanks so much for the great comments, not a one of which was negative (that I've seen lol)! Really raised my opinion of Trump supporters, for real. :)
Bravo !!! Well said.
Since you have now posted here watch how they treat you. The book “1984” would be a good reference for what’s to come if this continues, you will now be policed for wrong think.

Tell your friends, tell em all.
Nice to meet you! Glad you support Free Speech. I do too.
With people like you, bridges and progress can be made. I personally applaud you for taking that stance.
We may not agree on policies and that's ok, but we will damn sure defend your right to voice your opinion, even ones we disagree with. If you want to make a bigger impact, share your opinions with your liberal friends because the most influence you'll have is with people who see the world through a similar lens as you. That will go a long way to exposing this type of censorship.
Thank you for your support. People need to be able to speak their minds and have differing opinions without being shut down. I don’t care if I hate your opinions, you are still allowed to express them and I like the freedom to express mine, too. You could call Trump a raping Cheeto who doesn’t know anything, and while that’s wrong.... you can still say it.
Thank you for your support, you bring up some great points. Even if we don't agree politically, I'm glad we share the same beliefs about censorship.
Thanks for the support. No matter which side of politics we fall on, as Americans we must have, and fight for free speech.
Love you man. I’m the same way. I hate censorship and Europes ideas on policing speech. I’m all in on freedom of speech, even if it means protecting speech I don’t like.
We need more sane leftists like you.  I may not agree with your policy positions, but a sane and decent person with the wrong ideas is a huge improvement over the censorious raving loonies.  

So thanks for being decent.
I'm a Democrat, too. But it's like clown world out there, and here we are. Never looking back!
If the same thing was happening to left oriented subs I would say the same thing. Censorship is wrong. 

Anyone who agrees with it needs to take a step back and see how they would feel if the same thing was happening to them.
Thanks for refusing to be gaslit.
You have taken the first redpill. Now here's your homework assignment. Ask yourself why the media is 100% united in hatred of Trump. Why are only conservative voices censored?
We’re not perfect, but shit look at the other side — next to them we’re angels. Hope you continue your research and discover the truth about Trump and his movement. There’s a reason 99% of our media, entertainment, and government is against him — he’s the last true hope for freedom and individualism. Have a happy first red pill!
'quarantine' is the intermediary step before full ought right ban right before elections.   Reddit won't go straight to ban.
Welcome to T_D. Once the craziness of the days activities settles, have a laugh at the memes.
Somewhere along the way, the democrat argument became "If you don't agree with me you are wrong/stupid " after that it became "If you don't agree with me you're racist" so the door to political discourse closed.  There's a lot on the right that I don't agree with but none of them have shut me down for that. If anything it ends up a nice discussion where either I learn something, or have an opportunity to share my input.
I respect this.
<3 HUGs and Love for You, Mr. GreeneJeans!  You are a true warrior for Free Speech, <3
We may disagree politically, but that doesn't mean we can't get along. Thank you for the support!
Thank you. Nothing wrong with disagreeing with ideas. Suppressing them is currently a weaponized tactic by the left unfortunately.
Much love. The world needs more people like you.
Thank you for posting this is a great perspective
Welcome !

All we ever ask of anyone is this. Ask yourself these 2 two questions only to satisfy yourself and no one else.

What do you believe and why do you believe it?

Once you question your own beliefs it require one to either search for information that either challenges or confirms those beliefs. It's a hellva journey after that. I hope you stick around a while and take a tour while on your journey.
Well said... Wish more liberals cared about free speech.
Welcome!
Thank you. I believe if you spend some more time here you will see we’re more alike than we are different. We’re Americans after all.
This is why 'hate speech' laws are so dangerous. 99.9% of people on this sub don't want to hear someone spout racist garbage, but once you let the government actually punish people simply for something they say, where does it stop? They'll start with 'offensive speech', and it will eventually be anything that criticizes those in power and their views. 'Hate speech' becomes whatever the powers-that-be feel threatens their control.
Yea I agree the far sides of each on reddit can get radical, but at a certain limit you can't just ban all free speech from one side. We need freedom of speech, and the ability to build a community. 99.999% of all posts are all with good intentions.
Thanks ever so much for this post! If you ever want to stick around, feel free. I have a feeling you might end up liking what you see.
MrGreeneJeans, over at KiA and even here I've often defended left wingers who are wrongfully banned on social media.  I'm the same as you.  It seems you are a man guided by principle and a core ideology rooted in freedom. You are a gentleman and scholar sir. I'm a former Democrat.

>I also think it is just inexcusable to censor a community of nearly a million because of a few bad eggs. Deal with the individuals, not the 99% who are innocent.

I made this same argument earlier today! It's good to see we're on the same page! Welcome.
A lot of us were on the left but switched teams. I cannot be against free speech.
Trump is a hard pill to swallow for a lot of people. One of the best posts about him ever described him like a visit to the doctor. The doctor tells you you feel bad because you're fat, need to stop smoking cigarettes and weed, and you need to exercise and stop playing so many video games. At first you are mad because he "insulted" you and how you live, so you go to a doctor who gives you a pill instead of advice and insults. Six months later you realize the pill isn't working and you feel worse than you did.  So you try it Dr Trumps way for the next six months and you realize that it works because it was truth he gave you. 

Reddit, the media, and leftist politicians do everything they can to make sure no one else can visit Dr. Trump and get the truth because they all depend on you being miserable and buying what they ate selling.
Dude, censorship is ok when it's against people you don't agree with. If we let them have a voice, other people might agree with something they say, and that's unfair to the correct position to have.
You are going to be visiting a lot of conservative pages kek
Plus if you censor people it just steels their resolve.  Especially if they're goddamn true Americans! We've fought for the right before...we aren't afraid to fight for it again.
Tanks so much for saying, Jeans.
Thank for the support. If we don't talk nothing changes. People running big tech do not want people to talk anymore. They simply want to control what we can say.
First they came for the Jews but I said nothing because I wasn’t a Jew. Then they came for the gypsies but I said nothing because I wasn’t a gypsy. Then they came for the Catholics but I said nothing because I wasn’t Catholic. Then then came for The_Donald and I didn’t say anything because I was in /politics. Then they came for me and there was
No one left. They will come for all of you in the end. No one is safe. This is fascism.
In the past two weeks, absolutely. I suspect that's what will end up happening tbh, given how the next year and a half looks like it's going to play out with big tech censorship. However, if the moderates in the Democrat party take back power/the narrative, idk. My top priority is freedom for everyone, once that's established everything else will work itself out imo.
I'd like to know too. I've seen way to much "You have terrible opinions (that are completely mainstream) and you should be disappeared from the internet."
I'm not a fan of censorship either, but Trump tries to quiet anyone that doesn't support his opinions. He's carried on that way from the start. It's really one of my biggest issues with him. How is he any better than the ones you've listed. He's made it a personal war against the media when he doesn't like what they say. What did he expect would happen? Seems like a very biased opinion with blinders on.
T_D is the most accepting and welcoming group on Reddit. We all come from different backgrounds. But all we want to do is MAGA.
We are all good people. We just don't subscribe to the current narrative and want to shift it back to normality.
I've said this to a few other reasonable Dems that have visited today. Although we may not always agree, I will defend to the death your right to share your views.
Oh I fully expect it. Which is why this is the first major political post I've made on here since my account was created months ago. I wanted to choose my battles carefully and felt now was the time. If they come after me they're going to be disappointed though. I dont bow to bullies.
It ends with a nuclear power plant exploding, because the government said no one should know it could happen. It ends when a man tasked with cleaning up the aftermath gets run out of his profession because he told the truth about what happened. 



HBO's Chernobyl is the perfect red pill for the times we're living in. The night shift manager *saw* the carbon rods on the roof, and still claimed there was no way the reactor could explode. Because he knew what telling the truth would do. 



Get him sent to prison or killed. 



Think a scientist can't he silenced in the US? Ask them how many genders there are. We're already out on the slippery slope.
Lol, I hope this is sarcasm.
Welcome and stick around for a while.  You may find that many of our ideas make sense and we are nowhere near how we are portrayed elsewhere. 

 Also, from my perspective, it doesn't look like the moderates in your party will be able to take the power back anytime soon but I wish them luck.  

 I agree that freedom is a top priority, but for me, freedom for Americans citizens is my main concern.  I want all people around the world to be free, but our responsibility is to our citizens first and foremost.  I do really understand your sentiment of wanting it for everyone though, I just don't see that as being feasible.   You are more than welcome to disagree with me, that's just how I see it.
Good to know! Thanks!

To me, Biden and maybe tulsi are the only "moderates" who are running on the left. Are you rooting for either of them?
Your party has left you behind
Enforce immigration laws or think we should have any immigration laws? Bigot!
To be very clear, this is the same media that filmed Trump following the Japanese PM's lead in dumping a box of food into a koi pond and decided to cut the video to manufacture a scandal and spend a week blasting him for it.

While this is the most outrageously obvious case of manipulative behavior, it certainly isn't the only case. So much of the reporting is slanted against him to various degrees.
Good for you, and thank you for your post and support! Like someone else said, your stance is the kind of attitude needed from both sides of a political aisle in order move forward. I appreciate it, I'm sure I can speak for everyone else here and say that they appreciate it too!
Biden is not moderate.  He was literally in on the briefings on “Crossfire Hurricane.”  He’s neck deep in the corruption that is the police state Democratic Party.
They're kind of meh to me. Andrew Tang is probably the best imo because he actually has policy suggestions and isnt just trying to play the "who can say the most extreme things" game. I am a big fan of technological innovation and using the government to stimulate it. That's how we get rid of poverty and improve lives even more than they already are imo.
I used quotes for a reason. Who isnt moderate next to some of those people running?
Sure he's a corrupt old fuck, but compared to Warren, Sanders and Booker his policy positions are moderate.
I hope the Democrats move toward the center again for the country at large and I align with many policies of dems like JFK or Clinton and abhor some policies of Bush and other neocon cronies.
Sorry 😬
He's a creepy, sleepy old man. Fuck no.
Oh, I'd never support him, I just think his his policy positions are comparatively moderate.
His advertising is moderate.  Democrats lie....a lot.
Moderate... Child molester. That's what Biden is.
Glad to have you come by.  While you're here, check out the way that we're not at all what everyone makes us out to be.  Laugh at the memes.  Nod in approval how we rally people to attend the funerals of veterans who have nobody in their lives to honor them.  Sip a hot cup of covfefe and say "nice" at the various Melania Monday posts.  Wonder where the living hell all of the supposed "racism" and "antisemitism" and "sexism" is, because you won't find it.  You are among level headed humans here, friend.
Ditto. And I'm a Libertarian.
Thank you.  👍
This isn't just an anti right or anti left quarantine. This is an ANTI AMERICAN quarantine. I remember growing up and hearing how important it was to have the freedom of speech. The single most important American ideal and how many of our ancestors, from all wakes of life, died so that we may write our thoughts freely into the world. To that end, I am glad to call anyone, tax policy, education policy, or any other policy a fellow American when they show support for free speech and I never would have imagined when I was younger seeing such a fundamental right being stripped away from people. I have also never once recalled, in the year that I have been posting thoughts here, ANYONE who advocated to shut down other subs like the\_mueller or wayofthebern.
I’ve started watching the number grow for the past 10 mins. With every refresh the number goes up. Spez done fucked up.
Hot damn, this is so cool. All these lurkers and even non-Trumpers jumping on board the train out of principle.

Welcome, OP! And thanks.
Welcome aboard. Come for the controversy stay for the good times.
Thank you and welcome aboard. Unlike many other subs, we can actually discuss differences here.
Welcome, glad to have you.
Thank you!
Thank you!!
Thanks it’s reassuring to know that at least some people outside of this sub care about the free exchange of ideas and discourse.
Glad you’re here fren!
I'm not crying u r
Welcome new Pede! I just keep thinking of our Founding Fathers, what they would want us to do. And our precious constitution!
Thank you and welcome!
Thank you and welcome
Welcome!
Thank you. Take your yellow arm band,
Thanks man, appreciate it.
Go for a browse, you'll like what you see!
Thank you very much!
Thanks, Fren.
This is awesome!  Welcome aboard!
<3 You are WONDERFUL! Have a HUG <3
Censorship anywhere is terrible, left or right. This should be a non-issue in the USA of all places!  
Thanks for joining!
Thank you, Patriot!
That’s awesome, thank you for the support and glad you’re here.
Thank you! Insane that in the land of the free and the home of the brave we have to put up with being silenced and censored!

BTW, I’ve been here for years and have never seen a single violent threat or call to violence, never mind that this is the most pro-Law Enforcement/pro-Military sub on this site. This is all political theater by Media Matters.

Thanks for hanging out. Great sub. Stick around.
Thanks fam!
Thank you, patriot!!
We are glad you are here!
Your support is very appreciated. The "Control Left" has a real problem.
Why has no one gotten this fine person a coat.
I regret I have but one upvote to give.
Amen
Dont forget desk pops on subday gunday
Could really use one of those Melania posts right about now...
more of a reason you should be against this censorship.  even if you dont agree on many other things
This sub has added about 3k subs today.  And there are 30k online right now.  Yep he did.
Seconded.
Wrong you have only 3/5 of an upvote to give.
I'm a libertarian as well. I don't think the government should be giving these companies protections like CDA 230
Spicy!!
Probably .2035 at this point.
Hi, nice to meet you! I've never seen anything hateful or violent here either.
For the love of God, get this patriot a coat!
Welcome, have fun.
OP, you need to be more inclusive... Women have balls too now, bigot. /S
Thank you for posting friend,
Yes. It's definitely a thing. And comment timers.
thanks bro.  MAGA 2020 and beyond.   Vote for the people who support Our President and let's keep it great.
Yep, they likely have bots auto-banning people the moment they post here.
We need more people like you!
Welcome aboard, grab a coat
You will now be banned from a number of subs that you have never visited and perhaps don't know exist.  It might take them a while, but they'll get to you.  (Yes, it's a real thing... most of us here have been banned from multiple subs that we've never even been to.)
Welcome friend. A lot of lurkers like you have been coming out today because what Reddit and other big tech companies are doing is something that cannot be ignored. Thank you for that. It means a lot to us. So again welcome friend.
> That's a thing right?

Yup! Additionally, if you happen to post elsewhere and you "trigger" someone who looks at your profile, oof.
The support is overwhelming. The admins are triggered. The redpills are a-flowin'. Thanks for sharing your opinion and welcome.
Bots killed in quarantine. But will still give you your coat and brick.
FOR THE LOVE OF GOD GET THIS PATRIOT A COAT! 

THATS 205,000ish COATS HANDED OUT!

We are 30.24% of our goal to coat the 677,??? great people of Detroit, Michigan. Let's make sure everyone gets a coat in the United States! For every Centipede a coat, for every coat a Centipede! This bot was created by devious1087, feedback always welcome.
Damn.  I hope I don't get this sub in trouble.
They do.
**FOR THE LOVE OF GOD GET THIS PATRIOT A COAT! THATS 192,838 COATS HANDED OUT!**

We are 78.26% of our goal to coat the 246,393 great people of Norfolk, Virginia. Lets make sure everyone gets a coat in the United States! For every Centipede a coat for every coat a Centipede!
But we're all (Russian) bots...so no worries.
Good bot.
We also like to never assume genders so please ask people their preferred pronouns he/her/they/xi/xir/it etc
Good cyborg.
Gotcha on the first three... I spaced out a little after that.
Fight the media conglomerates now or lose the nation forever

The invisible hand of the free market isn't going to solve this one guys
The Republican establishment is no more on the side of the people than the Democrats.
They're not republicans, they're RINOs.
"Free market will sort it out." These idiots don't realize there won't be a market at all of this is allowed to continue.
Don't worry, they'l be right on the fight for censorship come Feb 2021 and the battle has already been lost.
Precisely... republicans need to address this before 2020 or else we will lose the information and meme wars.
This really is the fight of our times. People communicate electronically now, for the most part. The Left recognized this and got the jump on us. He who controls the algorithm controls the narrative.
why are we still bothering with these parties ?!! We all saw what Paul Ryan did. Slow walked everything.
Well once again GEOTUS is doing something.  He’s called for a WH summit on the issue of censorship on the internet.
The Republican party is about as useful as a tit in a dick measuring contest
So I take it that Tucker will start booking Milo, Alex Jones, Laura Loomer, etc for regular appearances on his show?  If not, he's part of the problem.
Trump should know the importance of this issue. He intuitively understands social media. He was one of the first on twitter, and is still light years ahead of his competitors in how he uses it to frame him agenda. I'm not that surprised that he hasn't put a higher priority on it given all his other priorities, but I do expect that he will be making it a bigger issue as we get closer to elections.
Based tucker showing them the door.
Cause the checks keep clearing. No telling how many are getting a do nothing job for their loser family members at these companies or other sectors via tech company backscratching.
Time is running out to save the country. 

If America falls to the far left the world is fucked. As America sinks into socialism and total censorship it will drag the rest of the world down with it. 

Then when the dollar collapses its over. 

You will be looking at another world war as chaos spreads across the world.
If I have to watch another histrionic hearing where professional politician Republicans fan themselves as they lay on fainting sofas as some random, mid level tech executive secretes a bunch of lawyer-speak I'm going to vote 3rd party from now until something changes.

Enough with the hearings and enough with the quarter-assed legislation that everyone knows wont pass. Legislation isn't even required at this point, this can be addressed by the FEC, FCC, and FTC.
There is an endless internet. And IRC and tools to chat. Do not give one of the big 3 the power if you dont think they deserve it.
Yeah they're not doing anything. Nobody. Including Donald Trump. I am fucking sick and tired of hearing "this will not end well" from these cocksuckers. Every week it's the same thing, more censorship, more silence followed by tweets stating this will not end well. No shit! Do something about it then!! The ball is in their Court to make the history's biggest antitrust lawsuit... But they don't seem to care. I think they're just waiting to use us being censored as a way to try to get themselves re-elected.
What's your suggestion?
A majority of elected Republicans are perfectly fine with what's going on and just playing a part when they voice opposition.
Republican and Democrats are anti-Trump, that should tell anyone with half a brain the whole story.
Ding ding ding.

See a lot of people on here acting like republicans are the good guys
Republicans In Name Only?
There is nothing free market about Big Tech's stranglehold. Any republicans who believe the free market will sort this out deserve what they get.
Trey gowdy will destroy people! /s
Cause voting outside the party breaks up the vote and allows the unified left to weasel their candidate in. Our fight is in the nominations.
A summit?
Uh, considering the methodology, that could be pretty useful.
From what I gather he's "lucky" to still have some show.  He has to operate within their guidelines or he's gone.  Same w/Ingraham.  She literally said, a week before her show debuted, that she'd "gladly" have Michael Savage on, anytime (and she sounded sincere).  These guys are doing all they can, we shouldn't blame them.
It could be, but that will only hold until the next leftist president. The pendulum always swings. It needs to be laid out in legislation that can't be reversed by an unelected bureaucrat.

Remember net neutrality, how easily it became the rule and how easily it went away.
Force them to either be a publisher or a platform.

The former, they can be held liable for user content.

The latter, hands off free speech and not be held liable.
Bill Whittle has a great video on why what they're doing is fraud. He had several items that are effective monopolies, like Kleenex tissues or Q-tips. Kleenex is so dominant that even generic "facial tissues" are referred to by the Kleenex trademark. Likewise with cotton swabs being called "Q-tips," when they're not.

Google, as a search engine, enjoys that dominance. "But imagine if Kleenex gave cotton swabs to only liberals, and, to conservatives, gave them a product not tipped in cotton, but steel wool. Would that be discrimination? Would that be product fraud?"

Of course it would.

But when Google treats conservatives and liberals differently, we're all not supposed to see it as a fraudulent business practice.

Sue them into the ground. 

But, more than that, I want to see people going to jail for clearcut, textbook election tampering. Especially the foreigners running Google. We, as a nation, will NOT tolerate foreign interference in our elections.
Break ‘em up. No need to be precious about it.
Break up the conglomerates 

They have legions of lawyers who will explain how they aren't technically violating the letter of the law, but they're obviously violating the spirit of anti-cartel/anti-trust legislation 

One simple example, ISPs should be forced to divest from being content creators. Comcast, the owner of NBC, MSNBC, and several other channels, is literally the only high speed internet provider available in my neighborhood. They have a natural monopoly like the water company.
There's a difference between republicans and conservatives. It's been that way for a very long time. Reagan was treated much the same as Trump.
Uniparty
“Free market will work it out. BRB going to watch some a couple football games then a movie.”
https://www.wsj.com/articles/white-house-to-hold-social-media-summit-11561566481
Yes, but he's fair to criticize if he's going to make that statement because he's literally participating in the banning of popular conservatives from his mainstream platform by not having them on.
That's a reasonable course of action. I support it.
Any censorship of any demographic should be the grounds for removal of the CDA section 230 immunities. 

These immunities were put in place because it was deemed inappropriate for these companies to be expected to filter through the vast amount of content on their platform.

However these companies are filtering the content on their platforms so these immunities should be removed from companies that have been proven to abuse them.
What do you propose we do against the News Corp empire?
Great great post.
Is anyone looking into class action lawsuits? Is that even a possibility?
Break up the companies and jail the oligarchs who run them.

As a cub libertarian I was opposed to the antitrust suit against Microsoft, but I can't help notice how well behaved Microsoft has been since then.  We need more (much more) of the same.
You're forgetting Fox News lol
A robust convo?
It's also the conservative action. 

"Platform" is a government created protection. By reclassifying as publishers, your are rolling back crony-capitalism to the default state (publisher).
Call it as you will
Step 1: Be a liberal, make an alternate account

Step 2: Go on the Donald and post racist and violent stuff

Step 3: Go back to normal account and report t_D for racism and calls to violence

Step 4: Go grab some Starbucks while my wife gets fucked by her boyfriend.
This guy is a sociopath. Somehow big tech decided to empower rather than ignore him. Idiots.
littered with calls to violence.....I've been here since September 2018.  No violence.  ALSO, I'm on here ALL DAY LONG at a call center at work.  NO VIOLENCE AHOLE.
Reddit cucks for Vox and the chinese, go figure!
Maza/Vox is simply a collaborator with David Brock, CEO of Media Matters and husband of James Alefantis, owner of Comet Ping Pong.

The swamp is back, boys.
He isn't just a gay liberal. 

He is a full on retard socialist. A person Stalin would be proud of. A very very dangerous person. Someone has selected him to be the new face of the radical left. 

People like Sanders and AOC have been left at the side. 

People like this will end the western world as we know it today. 

Always remember people like Stalin and Hilter were considered "nobodies" at one stage. 

If they get figureheads to rally around. We are in a lot of trouble. Its happened before in history and it will happen again. 

Just never thought I would be living through it.
Who is this guy?

Brennan's paid CIA butt boi?
I had a feeling gaywonk was responsible for this bullshit.
[removed]
Oh media matters is behind this. Duh. Soros is the devil.
Fucking Carlos again!!!!
This is the same guy who started the Crowder fiasco.
This fuckface literally called for violence against white people.

Fascists gonna fash.
"Milkshake them all. Humiliate them at every turn. Make them dread public organizing." - Carlos Maza

Seems he has no problem at all with politically motivated calls of violence.
Carlos Maza is the Michael Avanetti of 2019. It's only a matter of time until he is exposed for something that makes him a pariah to even the most leftist media outlets.
I'm sure there were a few inadvisable posts.  However, it's not like you couldn't likely find just as many on almost any other forum on this website.  This is clearly just cover for them trying to rid themselves of a portion of their site that causes them angst due to political disagreements.  

It's ironic that the Vox personality above has made calls for violence against political opponents on other online outlets.  These people are so blinded by their own biases that they can't even see their hypocrisy.
[removed]
The power the tech companies give this fool is astounding. Try to contact people like Steven Crowder, Ted Cruz, and Ben Shapiro to make sure they're informed about reddit censorship. They've all spoken out about youtube and facebook censorship, but they might not be aware of how bad it is on reddit. Once they know, the word will spread a lot faster to other platforms.
Oh is that the lispy queer?
Carlos Maza is a human douche.
Strisand effect. Game on
The Donald encourages violence against law enforcement? Huh? Seems like a textbook implementation of a Saul Alinsky principle.  

# “Accuse Your Enemy Of What You Are Doing, As You Are Doing It To Create Confusion”
Yup.
This Phaggot again????? First he attacks Steven Crowder now us??

  CARLOS MAZA ON TWITTER https://twitter.com/gaywonk/status/1143233301538365440
lol littered.   9 out of 750,000 readers and 42k actively logged in right now.  

if this was what "Littered" meant that Native American chap in the commercials wouldn't be crying.
the lispy faggot is still upset that his attempt at deplatforming Crowder backfired.
This person is scum.
So sick of this degenerate piece of shit and his bullshit lies.
This guy is the fucking chode of chodes. I don't give a shit if he's straight, gay, purple, or whatever fucking victim group he wants to claim he's part of - he's a piece of shit.
This coming from the guy who said milkshake them all???? WTF???
This loser is trying to get VOX views up by physically removing competitors. Or, it is such a communist way of doing competition.
I've been here a hell of a lot more than Carlos Maza and I haven't seen nearly as many calls for violence as the rest of Reddit.

&#x200B;

If you want to see calls for violence go post something anti-Bernie on economics.
Littered with calls to violence

A few idiots post about violence, probably trolls or plants

Evidence almost 1million people are evil

This is as dumb as when Taylor's swift refused to say her political affiliation the left went apeshit
This little bitch boy must feel real good to be able to cry and bitch like a little pussy he is and have people appease him like his mommy did every time he cried that she didnt cut the crust off his cock sammich
This man is the king of the Streisand effect!
Calls to violence? Fucking when? Im on this sub everyday and I see no calls to violence. I see us wanting EQUAL JUSTICE under the law.
Disgusting how traitorous Marxist vermin is allowed to censor anyone right of Marx. Reminder that the vermin maza defends chaposhithouse
This poor, poor man.  Imagine being this pathetic of a human being.
This gaywonk guy is a complete fascist
Banning t_d would be the springboard for censorship to be reviewed from a legal standpoint. They quarantined us to appease the radical left, but they fucked up as they will now demand a ban that reddit is unwilling to do because t_d is a huge source of revenue for them. Have fun with that, Reddit.
It's another phony, "smollett-style" attack.  No one on The Donald advocates violence.
Gaywonk?
I fucking hate this pathetic little faggot
Censorship Wars: The Lispy Little Queer Strikes Back
hmm .. isn't t his the same "guy" that suggest everyone milkshake their opponents?
Lol I've subbed here since 2015 and visited almost everyday since. I've literally never seen any threat of violence, and most other things that people might consider "bad" were downvoted to 0 or negative (these were probably false flags). unless they consider the spiciest memes or the navy seal copypasta to be violent, then they are wrong.
"full of calls"

Hmm where are those calls with user names displayed??
\>gay wonk
I fully support Carlos Maza's sexuality. In fact, I'd prefer his mouth and hands be busy doing something else, rather than blaspheme us pedes.
I am real tired of this guy trying to tell me where I can get my information from.  Crowder fine but t_d that is unthinkable.  Fuck him.
This cunt never left Media Matters.
 

Want to know how to prevent this from happening ever again in the future?

Create a standard for Open Source Social Media.

One that is a simplified down version of texting (Twitter), a community blog (Reddit), a normal blog (like any news site), video (YouTube), etc.

Make it distributed so anyone who runs one or uses one can subscribe to anything they want.

Make it use BitTorrent to transfer video's (high popularity will run really fast, obscure videos, ehhh)etc ...

I think a modified/branch of [Usenet](https://www.w3.org/Protocols/rfc850/rfc850.html) with a web interface, messaging, group live chat, and WebTorrent added in might be a good starting point.
I don't think they know what calls to violence actually are. Posts from troll lefties don't count.
2020 getting called, Trump definitely smashing it. Why now I wonder... 🤔🤔🤔
Wonder if there are any calls to violence among the leftist subs....
I remember reading once "when the snake outweighs the keeper, fatal constriction is now at the discretion of the snake." 

Someday, maybe, someone in the media will realize these attacks on free speech will be very thing that ends their ability to effectively hold any elected official accountable (assuming they were doing that) or express an independent thought (assuming someone broke from the NPC script).  

Take a nibble here, trim off a bit there - it may seem small at the time but, history has several of examples of how "the public" gave away their liberty, and dismantled the institutions that enable it, without even being aware.
WHO on the sub called for violence? A bunch of new members I’m guessing, but I didn’t see it.
Orange Juice bad!


Change my tampon.
Trump will WIN AGAIN!!!!! Despite all the cheating by the left!
what a jerk!
The cucks are salty that everyone including normies know that they are all lying commies who want to destroy this country and its freedoms.
I bet he feels proud and good.
I've been on this sub for 2.5 years, every day, throughout the entire day ... I've never seen a call for violence, at all, ever full stop.  I am rarely on the news sub, or politics, and have seen explicit calls for violence almost in every thread.  Bash the Fash is their movement.
Says the guy that literally asked for people to murder whoever he disagrees with...
This is the first thing I thought of when I saw the sub was 'quarantined', total bullshit.
This piece of shit calls for violence all the time and has never been touched by reddit. Someone quarantine the shit out of vox!
What was the phone number the administration of Reddit said we were calling?  


Are words that powerful that some post that doesn't get downvoted by shills might be something people actually react to physically - causing them to do harm to people they don't agree with?  


Oh... you mean... LIKE THE LEFTISTS DO TO CONSERVATIVES EVERY SINGLE DAY?
It's funny how Carlos Maza can whine about something and can have immediate action taken for something that offends him. Youtube bowed down to him and now Reddit is. Pretty soon conservatives will have to make their own platform in order to even speak freely.

Now who's being oppressed?
This dude is a such fucking cunt. He cannot handle getting his precious asshole getting torn to pieces. So he resorts to blatant calls for censorship and violence.
Can we start referring to him as a “heterophobe”? He blatantly calls Steven Crowder a “homophobe” with next to no evidence of actual “hateful speech” against homosexuals (Crowder making fun of Maza was for his hypocrisy and terrible content as a shitty journalist, not for “being gay”)
https://twitter.com/gaywonk/status/1130862813713502210

>Milkshake them all. Humiliate them at every turn. Make them dread public organizing.

Carlos Maza publicly calling for violence.
If there are calls for violence on this sub show us the proof. Show us the comments, show us the accounts history, show us how long ago the account was created, show us how active the account has been on this sub.
This guy is a total piece of shit. I really hope karma comes around to get this guy worse than most.
Hmm
And here on your far left, we have a proxy warrior for oligarchs.
Once I saw this censorship I got pissed and actually wrote my state reps. After cooled, I realized this was the worst possible time to censor T_D after the Veritas fallout. I can't imagine I was the only person to write their representatives for the first time. Quarantine will undoubtedly have failed in it's mission to keep information from flowing in or out. MAGA
Wow
Be careful what you wish for, Carlos. If you strike us down, we will become more powerful then you can possibly imagine.
There is no way this is not a coordinated event across multiple platforms.
This is creepy.
What's really telling is all of these supposed calls for violence, happened AFTER media matters made this article. In fact, we got more reported posts in the 24 hours after this, than the ENTIRE month before. That tells you all you need to know right there.

If you haven't caught on yet....it's fake accounts leftists created to post here and call for violence in an attempt to get this subreddit shutdown, and it's all being headed by Lispy Carlos.

Media Matter's prints are all over this.  They create a fake story....make the story come "true", then cash in on the publicity they get for breaking the story.
How entitled as fuck does Carlos Maza have to be to think the internet is his to control and censor as he demands
Maza is a domestic terrorist
censorship wars: the lispy queer strikes back.
It's kinda of funny that he's leading the charge considering the brown shirts who's leader was openly gay used fascist tactics to get hitler into power. The left has never change.
Mediamatters.

That's credible.
What a lispy F!g.
This is what “fairness” looks like
Gay Wonk? Is this what all their "hate Trump" antics is about? They feel threatened by an alpha male?
Why do all of these tech companies act like Mr. Brave and Beautiful here is God to them?
Media Matters really needs to be audited into oblivion.
This is an absolute joke. Hasn't Maza called for violence like a million times?
They're panicking. The Democrats and Google have definitely carried out polls that they kept secret. The poll averages which historically under represent Republicans by 2-3 points are now at 45. No incumbent has lost in 25 years. And that was a third way race. Any third party would hurt Democrats otherwise they would be trying that tactic. The last incumbent to really lose in a fair 1 v 1 was fucking Carter and both the economy and global politics were against him.

These people are evil, not idiots. They know they have to steal this. Mueller. Spygate. Accusing Trump of rape. Those fake stories aren't even working on normies anymore so they know the next step has to be censorship and giving illegals driver's licenses so they cam vote.
Says the Vox "journalist" that glorifies Antifa and tell people to throw milkshakes...

Well no surprises though... that person is just plain evil
Carlos and Vox are themselves calling for violence under a proxy blog.   If you agree with the breakdown, please consider getting this thread some exposure.   He will be back for us/crowder/etc again.

&#x200B;

[https://twitter.com/Sandwich\_Rtist/status/1144042723982229505](https://twitter.com/Sandwich_Rtist/status/1144042723982229505)
This man is insignificant, why is ANYONE listening to him?
Yeah. Not sure how this guy has so much power. It’s odd. Wasn’t he the one that got Alex Jones banned on platforms as well?
Rename "Media Matters" to "Only Left Wing Media Matters" because they do not give a single shit about protecting anything except for left wing media
For the love of G*d. GET ON TWITTER. Don't piss and moan about your voice being censored if you aren't willing to make your voice heard. What's happened to us here is total bullshit, but it's waking people up, the more platforms they try to expel us from, the more people we gain.

You don't need to give them your number, create an account and follow a few right wing accounts, you will be instantly suspended, appeal the suspension and they will send an email asking you to verify your number, reply to that email saying that you will not be providing your number as they already have your email account and should not require further verification. Be as long winded as you want, but MAKE IT ORIGINAL to prove you aren't a bot. I have been suspended 4 times, every time they asked for my number, they don't have it and never will.

Pass out likes like candy, dump information on leftists en masse, the tide is already turning, even CNN and MSNBC have laughable amounts of likes (a few hundred from a few million followers) and most of the comments are calling out their bullshit. YouTube Insider just suffered a 10:1 ratio for saying they apply rules equally. They are losing, imagine the losses when we are all making our voice heard.

This is the real fight, we need to be more vocal, not moan about how shitty our quarantine is WHILE NOT LEAVING THE QUARANTINE.
What's wrong with this guy? Does he think that being gay absolves him from being a white man?? He needs to repent at once for his crimes
naw, how does one lisping gayist have so much power?
He HIGHLY resembles dirt bag Che Guevara in his profile pic.
So do you think him and Spez are fucking? Or spez wants to fuck him or what? Why else would admins care about impressing him or listen to him at all
But that avatar, I thought he was based!
This dude is going to single handedly re-elect Trump. Somehow he still thinks he’s “resisting”.
Media matters sole purpose is shutting down content creators
God I hate that lispy queer while at the same time respect his right to an opinion and his freedom to express that opinion.
[removed]
I really don't understand what people are saying this is hate sub... I'm so confused since it appears to be awesome; full of good information.
When leftists are defending calls for violence against LEOs you pretty much know it's a set up.
Why? What's wrong with people that happen to have a difference of opinion to get together, and have a discussion? I've been lurking on this subreddit on & off for a while, but I've never seen anything incriminating on here. They really are trying to silence people......this is scary.
This is unreal. Imagine if a left leaning sub was “quarantined” for posts that the overwhelming majority of its user base don’t agree with. This is sabotage. 

First it was Alex Jones. 
Then it was random opposition across various social media platforms. 
Now it’s here.  Now it’s us.
when the fuck did we ever call for violence against police officers?

meanwhile youtube and leftists are spamming and allowing the FB live video of a st. louis police officer getting executed by a thug.
This lispy,queer, Mexican anchor baby is really trying hard to influence the 2020 election. How does he have so much influence with these giant tech companies!?
What a lispy cuck
Why doesn't this guy just move to Venezuela already? It is right up his alley.
That commie bitch
What a little pathetic cunt.
I'm starting to really dislike this guy.
He blocked me for telling him to support america for once. :(
This guy is so gross.
Tim Pool mentioned this in a tweet a little while ago. I think he will have our backs on this.
Carlos Maza is an activist hack and disgusting human being
How does this guy still have a job, much less any form of clout what so ever.  He's a stone cold moron and career complainer.  Gtfo ya whinny loser
The conspiracy fairy gay wonk has payed us a visit!
# UNSUB FROM ALL OTHER SUBREDDITS DROP EVERYONES METRICS BY 750000 USERS.

# DO IT.
Vox should now be on the list of companies trying to meddle in elections. I know they aren't the same as social media, but Maza is a political terrorist trying to shut down conservative speech.
But when leftists attack conservatives, media does or says nothing.
he ruins youtube, now he ruined the donald, why are people listening to this piece of shit, in any way
This low life? [https://twitter.com/gaywonk/status/1130862813713502210](https://twitter.com/gaywonk/status/1130862813713502210)
The GOOGLE bias and interference with our election along with YouTube, the media, Reddit, Facebook.  They are forcing us out of every place they can.  We are at the point of no return.  They want to cut our voices completely out.
This little pricks getting irritating
What’s the backup plan in case our community-fascist overlords ban us?
No coincidence. He used to work for media matters. Mm is all left wing propaganda
This has literally always been talked about. This isnt recent news, theyve said that they were looking at the sub for a few months already.
#BRAVE AND BEAUTIFUL!
Imagine 600,000 (or 6,000,000) peoples voices and collection of thoughts and memes gone because some fucking guy who calls himself gayfonk. This has to be the weakest moment in human history.
I'm starting to think the rabid left really truly wants us dead.
I regret to break this to everyone, but you will never, ever, beat them at this.  They created the game, they write the rules, change them as needed and hold all the cards.  *You will never get another sub banned*, they will ignore and delete and edit as needed.  They have no standards so hypocrisy is meaningless to them.  They don't care.  *You will never get this site shut down*.  It is a tool to influence public opinion.  They don't need ad revenue, they don't care about keeping subscribers.  As long as it's useful to shape and distribute information, they will keep it afloat.

&#x200B;

There is only one way to make a significant impact on their ability to operate.  Unfortunately it's a long and arduous process.  It could result in physical harm.  It requires a level of commitment not many will have.  ...Become one of them...  Infiltrate their organizations physically and online.  Show up at their rallies, participate on their websites, volunteer at the local "project action progress" or "community action for peace" or whatever other stupid Orwellian name they have for your local left-wing activist corp.  Do this in pairs or groups to provide legitimacy to each other.  

&#x200B;

Once you are trusted ... observe, note, record, inquire ... soak up information about illegal activities, funding sources, strategies, etc.  Finally, when the time is right, expose them.
I’ve never seen calls to violence in this sub. Now, you go in the politics, communist, socialist, are any variety of leftist subs and it’s calls for violence and murder all day long.
it's beyond funny that they choose to turn a blind eye to literally countless of calls to violence towards the president and his followers and cry over a subreddit. such vacant fucking morons. their mothers raised retards.
This idiot is doing the opposite of what he wants to happen. He has popularized the subreddit anyways and this drives more people to check it out. What a tool
Tired of this guy
That guy is such an asshole.
Surely this guy has broken some laws by now. He’s a radical and he’s projecting his bigotry on everyone
I think we finally have found a much closer approximation to ellsworth toohey than anyone else to date.
Carlos Maza actively called for people to throw milkshakes in the faces of conservatives.  ALL CONSERVATIVES.  Milkshaking is classified as assault.  And he's going to complain about calls to violence?

To quote a friend:

" You hypocrite, first take the plank out of your own eye, and then you will see clearly to remove the speck from your brother's eye."
Man this guy is the worst
Up at the back of the wall for this asshole
are there any calls for violence on TD? ive been on for awhile and havent seen any. serious question
Next step will be a coordinated ban of the Donald Twitter account and this sub...
Oh the queer is still angry
Carlos is a special piece of shit. Awful human being.
Sadly he blocked me for calling him an asshole. So I didn't see this. He's living up to what I called him.
This asshole is on a fucking role.  All backed by Media Matters.  Too bad it will backfire
Is this fucking bizarro world? I get off work and come home to see "They are full of calls to violence" etc.

What happened to "bash the fash" or posting the addresses of Republican officials? Fucking hypocrites.
Ironic that all the silicon valley companies are bending over for a man who likes taking it in the ass.
Man I need to convert to the gay and become a "reporter". I would have all the reeeee to silence whoever I want!
lmao like they care about the cops.
Thanks Carlos.
I know it's not all about me, but it  is personal for each one of us.  He has defamed me in the eyes of friends who know I come here.  Same for you. Please God, send us protection and justice.  And if it OK by You,  send him a bunch of boils and frogs
They think they have won. They have no idea.
Ironic coming from the moron who threatened milkshake violence against anyone whose opinion doesn't align with his own. Why is this guy not banned on Twitter? 🤔
What terrible people.
>Calls to violence

What a dipshit.
"full of calls for violence..."

Couldn't produce a single screenshot
This dude has CALLED FOR VIOLENCE. Oh my god.
I am just learning of what has happened today.  How many times did the rest of reddit threaten the MAGA hat child who was just minding his own business when peaceful and tolerant liberals surrounded him?
The last time he piped up, his enemy sold more product than ever before and his friends got demonetized.  You'd think he would learn.
History will judge shitstains like this who ONLY demand there voice be heard, in a country that promises free speech to ALL.

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

Can't wait till he is seen for the dumpster fire he is...
I live a short fuse lifestyle, I talk with my hands. I wouldn't so much as touch this smirking faggot. Why? Because it is what he wants. At his heart, he is a masochist who wants oh so very much to cloak himself in the garb of victimhood.
That trash can
The Bible has a word for these people: 'implacable'.
Time to quarantine all of reddit with all their calls of violence against ICE, conservatives, Whites, non whites who dont follow leftists ideology, the president, straight men, women who dont agree with abortion, etc
Carlos Maza + GayWonks4America = nuff said.
Go to Twatter, block & report for hateful speech if you like
🤡🌍💨
So some random leftists come in, write sterotypical "Far right" BS, Reddit mods alter users posts to be extreme and pro violence, and we get quarantined. This same idiot tells people to openly commit a few felonies against public officials and he is left alone and praised. (Milkshaking, 1, defacing of personal property, milkshake is hard to get out of silk, 2, personal damages, people have to pay to get milkshake out of a 500-1000+ dollar suit, 3, violence toward an individual? Sorta fuzzy on 3, not sure if it actually qualifies but it definitely does for the first two.) (Head bangs on table)
Geeze...how butt hurt is this imbecile!??
Fuckboy says what
This pussy needs to be boycotted and legally protested everywhere he goes
"Littered with calls to violence". What a big fat fucking lie. I'm here all the time, and I never see any calls to violence.

DISCLAIMER: This post and others like it on /r/The_Donald (from now on referred to as "The Domreddit") do not contain calls to violence, nor should any memes, jokes, or comments therein mocking the Left be misconstrued as containing calls to violence. Neither the author of this and similar posts nor The Domreddit in which they are posted can be held responsible for your fragile feelings.
I heavily dislike Carlos Maza.
Shocking he reported it.  The man is a facist.
This insufferable tool is single, most important reason people detest gay. Gay - new hall pass on double standard, playing victim and capitalizing - all while you pretend "Im just small, poor,  underpaid gay" card.  What is worst part of this whole debacle is he is everywhere!
Carlos maza is a piece of shit. As a gay Conservative he doesn't represent me.
Carlos Maza will lose and he can only blame himself if he was smaert enough to know that his actions will hurt him more than us.
I love how they can just spout things like "littered with calls to violence" without having to cite a single example proving their point, and everybody in the leftist ethos just takes it on faith and spreads it around because they too are intellectually lazy and don't bother to look into it. You do that once or twice it's bad, but you spread this kind of slander around for years and years and you've basically created two Americas: one based in reality and the other based in leftist group-think...
Can we get this soyboy deported
rewarding carlos maza's narcissism and fascist ideologies. what could go wrong?
Goerge Soros funded the attack on conservatives on social media. Media Matters appreciates his donation, honestly it's a campaign contribution to elect Democrats.

Silence your critics and all you hear is good things. Victory in 2020
##CREATE A BACKUP SUB REDDIT BEFORE THEY SHUT DOWN T_D
Big tech censorship should be the modern day Intolerable Acts.
Isn't Carlos committing libel? Shouldn't he be sued for this crap?
they shoulda just used their slaveblue dot com website to really rub it in

google's old slogan "don't be evil"

reddit's current admin "anti evil operations"

evil = in opposition of the cult of lib
 We are getting brigaded by the media
This dude is everything he claims he is fighting against.
who is surprised that Comrade Carlos is at the front of a censorship movement? He will not be happy until he has a complete Echo Chamber to scream out his hateful message to. He calls for Violence against people and making them afraid to speak in public but for some reason that's is just fine with the powers that be.
So which accounts posted the violent shit? Are they still up or have they been deleted to cover up the evidence?
His not satisfied follow up https://twitter.com/gaywonk/status/1143977515310047232
Tyrant commie queer
Lispy queer
Mr. Maza is *ill*egal...or has plenty 'family/friends' that are.
This fucking guy..... @$**$%@$#!
Trump better move off of twitter.
How does this brave and beautiful gay latino wield so much power?
We gotta go to 4chan.  That's the only way
[removed]
So, so fucking blatant. Why now? Why the fuck now?
They should check who posted what by ip address and see if it can be cross referenced with another or the person reporting
He's flaunting his deplatforming:  https://twitter.com/Pynewacket/status/1143965872035381250
But he's a gay journo so there's no way he'd do something like that! #believealljournivists /s
Last step is crucial.
The pompous little cock even has fire reflected in his glasses. What do you think he thinks is burning? Books? Bodies?

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

... Both? And he is happy about it.
Step 1:  Make alternate account using IP address and email accounts disjointed from the ones you normally use.  Burner accounts, proxy services.

Step 2:  Go on subreddits that pull this crap on us, do it to them 10x worse.  But make sure you have your appropriate orangemanbad content in there so it gets upvoted.

Step 3:  Watch as that content gets upvoted and Reddit mods et al do nothing and nobody tries to make it stop.

Step 4:  Document the hell out of the process and post said documentation to show hypocrisy.
Step 5: REPORT EVERYONE WHO PRAYS FOR YOU!
People like Carlos Maza are third-world authoritarians. They're just too stupid to realize that, eventually, the censorious authority will turn on him and those like him as well. 

But in the meantime, he's simply content to use his identity as a shield and as a sword, as it suits him. He makes me sick. People like him slither out into the world on their mothers' filth, and spend their lives trying to impose their idiotic worldviews on the rest of us by pretending they're morally superior, despite the fact that this man has never once contributed a cogent, thoughtful idea to the public discourse. He's ideologically possessed. He's simply an ideological mouthpiece for a corrosive way of looking at the world; a true NPC. He speaks, yet all I hear are hundreds of other brainwashed, leftist imbeciles who think the same thing. They're interchangeable.
Rinse and REPEAT.
That’s exactly what they do too.
Sounds about right.
I have read and posted on T_D daily since early 2016 (under different handles).

I have never once seen a threat of violence against law enforcement on this Domreddit.

Further, President Trump himself is the most vocal supporter of law enforcement and the military to occupy the White House in modern history.

The majority of comments I see here regarding police are positive, except in certain threads alleging police brutality/complaining about certain laws.

However, leftists routinely encourage and commit violence against police and other citizens, particularly groups such as BLM and Antifa, which are praised or at least tolerated elsewhere on Reddit.

Reddit is once again applying a double standard and persecuting a large, mainstream community of users for the supposed "crime" of supporting the duly-elected president of the United States.

I make it a point to represent the pro-police perspective 100% of the time, and even in negative threads, to remind people that the actions of a minority are not equivalent to all or even most police officers.

Law enforcement is a crucial function in our society, and literally allows the law, and thus our society and country, to exist.

Cops are human beings, and human nature means sinfulness. However, American police are typically thoroughly vetted during the hiring process, and are usually highly law-abiding and principled individuals, if not perfect.

Anyone who has a problem with certain laws, such as drug laws, civil asset forfeiture, "quorum-busting" laws, etc., should remember that it is called law enforcement, and not law creation, for a reason.
This is the memo that outlines the tactics of ShareBlue -

https://www.scribd.com/document/337535680/Full-David-Brock-Confidential-Memo-On-Fighting-Trump

ShareBlue is Media Matters. Media Matters is directly funded by George Soros.

This is not a conspiracy theory. Wikipedia it.

Media Matters recently posted this article

https://i.redd.it/d66ejjlynq631.png

that cherry picked comments (that were possibly planted on T_D) as pretext for the banning of T_D and then disseminated that article to other media in attempt to silence the sub.

This tactic lines up directly with the strategies outlined in the above memo.

Anyone that frequents this sub knows that not only do we support law enforcement and the military but we are proud to include lots of cops and soldiers within our ranks.

If you are new to this sub, or if even if you are just a lurker that is not familiar with the above, 

#PLEASE READ THAT MEMO.

It will open your eyes to the levels of deceit employed by not only the left, but foreign powers, to influence our elections and cause turmoil in this country through information warfare.

#IF YOU ARE AN AMERICAN YOU SHOULD BE SEVERELY DISTRESSED BY THIS
They did the same against the real Donald.

Step 1: Falsify evidence. (Steele dossier)

Step 2: Leak it to the press so they can report it as "fact."

Step 3: Dems use the press reports to convince the public of the "facts."

Step 4: The low-IQ demographics latch on to the lie and repeat it as truth.

Step 5: When Trump tries to expose the FakeNews, they accuse him of obstruction of justice and/or of being Hitler.

Step 6: Have the Hillary loyalists at the FBI and CIA investigate the fake "Russian collusion."

Step 7: When this fails, start over with another Step 1 like accusing Trump of rape.... again.

Since the MSM is in on the scam, true patriots can't expose the scam. If we do use alternative media to expose the Leftist Dems, they resort to getting those outlets shut down by posing as violent Trump supporters on those outlets. 

Anybody, see a pattern here?
Let me remind you that user Stonetear's posts were used as court evidence and Spez the Cuck himself allows the Reddit team to edit anyone and everyone's posts.

So if someone ever finds out who you are IRL they can just change some posts of yours at the database level and have you thrown in jail. Just some food for thought.
The is the most underrated comment ever.
Don't forget to bring your wife's boyfriend some Starbucks, too. [bitch]
I like how in this, it talks about calls of violence.


But also in the reason for the quarantine,  it says the same exact reason. 


Buzzlightyearhmmm.jpg
Step 1 should also include: use free VPN.

If it's coordinated, like 70 people or even WAY LESS can do this so easily. I have plenty of throwaway accounts with believable names and some comment history. Especially if this has been a plan since 2016 of theirs. Very convincing accounts with VPNs posting shit uncharacteristic of this subreddit. 

The mods should have caught it for sure, but that just means we need more mods to ban these kinds of attacks.

Mods, Recruit people even if they are limited in power that have a long history on this sub.
And two can play that game at redacted
Honestly, its more looking like this:

Step 1: Be big tech with special interest, make multiple alternate accounts, possibly buy accounts of long time users.

Step 2: Go on the Donald and post racist and violent stuff

Step 3: Go back to normal account and report t_D for racism and calls to violence

Step 4: Go grab some Starbucks while my wife gets fucked by her boyfriend.

So yeah, basically.
This. 

**Fucking. This. Right. Here.**
Did you look at the accounts that the mod had in the screenshot that "required admin removal"?

Many were years old, and consistent posters in TD.
There were a FUCKTON of shills here these past two days.  Even some with light T_D activity.  All posting far-Leftist shit, pro-socialism responses, etc.  

This had to have been coordinated.  My gut is telling me Media Matters/ShareBlue bought a few regular accounts here to use in order to false flag us.   

Deport these invading scumbags.
> Step 4: Go grab some Starbucks while my wife gets fucked by her boyfriend.

And miss the chance to watch?
if they were false flagging why was the posts getting upvoted instead of reported?
Step 5: Take a selfie with cum mouth wide open
That's what AHS did with more than a few of the banned subreddits I hung out in. Yet they'll let crap like ageplaypenpals stay....

Fucking disgusting.
Make sure to bring one back for the boyfriend, and watch the video alone in the bathroom as they spoon.
Reddit has been duped.
Can we at least see which posts were flagged?

And perhaps how old those accounts were? Lol
step 5: fail to silence a whole group because of shit you did
senorita maza doesn't have the problem at step 4, so he wins
It's war. I get it.
Maybe the mods should do their jobs and delete racist and violent posts.
Everybody caves to loony journalists. They've shut down tv shows, tried to shut down youtubers, pushed tech companies to mass censorship. That's the reality now, and it sucks.
He's gay and an activist. Double whammy.
He might have jussied himself if all he did was report fake accounts?
Because they're communist dogs who agree with him
And he's the same guy encouraging others to throw milkshakes at people they disagree with...
That was a coordinated attack
Big tech ARE him.

I'm not fixing that sentence lol
Some of us are from many memes ago and have never seen serious calls for violence stick around long. There were always the occasional "traitors get hanged" sort of talk after a major revelation, but the following comments always pushed to let cooler heads prevail. And anti-cop sentiment? That shit would get you banned.
I wonder when the 5 million subs that constantly talk shit about the president and call for violence will be quarantined...
I don't think this lispy queer has even spent 5 minutes browsing this sub. He's just regurgitating talking points and having his followers eat his vomit.
same here.  

Mr. Dramatic Cry Baby is a classic Control Left type.
Jan 2016 here.  The only calls to violence are always by those with no prior T_D posting history.  Outside of that I've never seen it.  They're false flagging us.
Just the other day I was downvoted a bunch and called names for calling out somebody advocating for shooting masked protestors on sight.  

There are plenty of empty calls for violence here, but the fucktard admins pretend like it's *only* here. Anybody willing to be intellectually honest can find them in moments in every single one of the subs that exist solely to cast hate on T_D, as well as all of the other subs that have been eaten away by the cancer that is Trump Derangement Syndrome.  

If we deserve quarantine then so does politics. But don't act like there aren't a ton of fucking retards on here saying stupid shit on a daily basis. And don't pretend like only the shills make those posts. There are idiots in every group of people, and this group is no different. The only difference is oRaNgE mAn bAd!!
Makes you wonder what kind of *kompromat* Maza is holding on all these multi billion dollar giants, as they instantly bend the knee as soon as Maza as much as frowns in their direction.
>People like this will end the western world as we know it today.

Only if we let them, which seems to be what is going on.
This is the same guy who was trying to get steven crowder with 3.9million subs banned from youtube. This is all vox work. They are riggin this crap. They accused this sub of asking for violence on oregon police when this is false. Black lives matters attacked those officers lol thats something leftist would do and call for
He's the guy who pushed YouTube to demonitize Steven Crowder a couple weeks ago.
Your typical liberal
As a gay dude..I couldn't imagine being an unbearable faggot
He's not, look at the article.  This was Media Matters, it's much MUCH bigger than one lispy queer.
We should set up a charity boxing match between Gaywonk and Milo so Milo can kick his fruity ass in front of his boyfriend AND his lover.

PS-Is that a call to violence?  All proceeds to go to the winner's charity of choice.
how the fuck would confirming an email address show that everyone here is Russian bots lmao. takes 30sec to set up an email address for basically any company.
We'll get the last laugh when Trump is re-elected :)
I can't count the amount of times that I've scrolled through that garbage sub and caught them posting hate filled trash in T_D, screenshotting it, and posting threads saying "SEE I HAVE PROOF THAT T_D IS A HATE SUB! BAN IT!!!!"
CARLOS!
Time to join the mug club. 

Make Carlos Employee of the Month Again!
He’s just the useful idiot they use as an excuse
Time to let him have a taste of his own medicine I say.
He doesn't, check the article he tweeted.  Media Matters is behind this, not this lispy queer.  He is just amplifying the message.
This isn't "his" power, Media Matters is behind this.  It's basically the propaganda arm of the DNC.  This goes WAY higher than one lispy queer.
> Ben Shapiro

You serious? All these guys will say that it's justified and it's private enterprise. Holy shit Americans are funny. Both teams.
Exactly.
What’s that?
*[loser](https://youtu.be/0OhUxj8Fewc)
> This is as dumb as when Taylor's swift refused to say her political affiliation the left went apeshit

I am actually amazed that anyone aligns with these thought policing cretins
Same /: only time I saw something racist was throwaway account trolls
Figgot*
He’s an anchor baby Mexican
Real helpful.. you do know POTUS supports gay rights, right?

You're either a imposter or just an asshole.
[removed]
money money money, money!
Head for the chans. Or voat.
Weird, I thought gay men loved assholes?
GTFO of here with that shit.
First night of the dnc debates.
Jussie Smollet, DNC debates, TRUMP2020, easy as that.
gotta shut it down before 2020. Why do you think google is doing what they're doing? Big tech has blatantly said they want to avoid another "2020 situation". AKA, we lost fair and square, so now we want to silence people we don't like from communicating with each other. It's basically oppression, but we're too naive as a technological civilization to realize it as a whole yet. That and the people who it helps don't realize it will be used against them in the future as big tech continues to pull us into a dystopian nightmare
Mueller cannot be called out .... (as well)
So we can't have a coordinated way to communicate before the 2020 Election.
2020 election off course. This is just the beginning.
They are so scared
I think it’s a power move to say “we’re trying to silence you and we don’t care how obvious because we’re gona do it anyway”
Doesn't matter. 


Reddit in the grand scheme of things is nothing. It really isn't. Half this site is foreign so wtf do they matter in the scheme of US politics? 


TD has red pilled so many including myself. The degeneracy on full display by CNN and other media outlets is apparent. The Trump movement has made at least half this country despise the media. It is actually pretty laughable. With the debates starting, the election season kicking off; with Google being exposed thanks in part to this sub's sharing of Project Veritas video-- you'd have to be a very low IQ normie to think this was about cops. 

The screwing of Bernie Sanders and his subsequent rolling-over has caused former Bernie Bros to see the fraud that is the DNC. Trump has shown right-wingers the fraud that is the UniParty. 


The work here is done. The legacy media is dying. This is some desperation on the part of Reddit and other tech companies. 

The media, the views, the comments, the entire digital space is fake. We are to believe Biden leads Trump, when Biden cannot even attract a crowd? Whereas Trump overflows sports stadiums? 

It is time to disconnect and shock these leftists like we did in 2016. 

Trump is on our side. We need to be on his. 

Paste is outta the tube.
Trump leaving for G20 also.  He's busy, less time to go to bat for us.
write to drudge at drudge report dot com send him the carpe diem link or screen shot it and send. the more of us who do this the sooner it will noticed by other americans who do not know we exist. This is communism at the core. Silencing Americans. Sent two emails so far keep it up and we will have his attention
Prep for the next election.
He is attacking all conservatives that are / were 'mean' to him or those of his ilk. HE is really leveraging his influence over these media companies which is just crazy.
All their illegal censorship does is make them feel better about themselves in their echo chambers. It will not change a single mind. It changes no reality. We are all still here, out in the world. And we ain't going anywhere. They wanted war, boy they're gonna get it.

Spez: not an actual violent guns and ammo war
The meme war was set to start tonight
This has always been in the works. This is media matters entire existence as well. Horrid people. The worst of the worst. Completely honorless, soulless people. There really isnt a kernal of decency associated with anyone over there; or that supports them.   

But this has been in the works. All the prominent center of right people are being censored(deplatforming is a made up commie word. Even my autocorrect is telling me it's an error w/red underline).  They have been setting the stage since last election across all platforms.
Declassification any day is making the Deep State throw everything against the wall to see what will stick.
they knew we'd have a live watch thread of the DNC debates.
Maza's panties are bunched up.
Retribution for Crowder embarrassing the ever-loving shit out that gaywonk perhaps? I love Crowder and am a Mug-Clubber for the record.
It’s Carlos Maza and his buddies in the press. Stage one was going after Crowder and taking down thousands of channels in the aftermath. Now they’ve geared up for the_D. There’s no significance to the date. This is just how long it took to set up. They’ve put together a list. Step by step, they’ll go after every outlet that helped Trump win until there is no significant right wing presence on the internet by election 2020.
Google!!! We called out the giant and they had to spank us
The first Dem masturdebates were on the same day.
2020! haha
You really think they care to help us? 
This was their goal.
Won't work. This is the same thing the DNC puppets always do. You coordinate an attack and self-reference it for validation.

This time,

1. Couple pedes make obviously Gadsden inspired posts, allegedly.

2. Media matters runs a propaganda piece about it.

3. That lispy Mexican faggot on Twitter references that.

4. BuzzFeed et al reference both.

5. Reddit has dozens of sources to point to
> orange man bad content

Just grab 100 random comments from rpolitics and cut-n-paste.
They do. Go find me a racist or violent post that hasn't been deleted. I've been here for years and that kinda shit isn't tolerated.
Go find me some......it's rare. Go check politics sub and you'll see racist and violent shit towards republicans on most post in the comment section especially if the post has anything to do with Trump or republicans.
Mods are doing a hell of a job removing cucks and concern shills. Go nag on r politics it's worser than the Donald.
Look at the article he tweeted.  This isn't an attack by a loony journo, it's a coordinate strike from Media Matters.  He's just amplifying it the way all journos do, at the behest of their Globalist masters.
They aren't caving to journalists. They're using their allies in journalism to coordinate pretense for censorship. If you think this asshole isn't in direct contact with someone at Reddit, Google, etc., you're kidding yourself.
Oh yeah.  I agree 100%.  There's always a ton of us saying 'nope, we're not like THEM' and we all agree.
That's gonna be a little shitty thing called ... The Trump Curse...karma's a total kunt
When we start reporting them.
The *actual* violent sub.
Yep.  'But why can't you just be a decent human being?  Why can't you just not say that?  Why can't you just stop arguing with me?' 

Baby bullshit 24/7
You...you're a true patriot.  I love you and know we're everywhere.  Only growing every GODDAMN DAY!  <3
He posts him, his boyfriend, and lover on Reddit all the time. Someone around here captured his postings and it's .. gross
He's gay, and a "journalist". He's untouchable to the far left, so they kowtow to his every demand lest he turn his *fabulous* rage upon them and all his journo buddies pile on as well.
He doesn't have dirt on them, he's is in league with them.
Not only steven but multiple other youtubers and teachers stuff got removed as well
I work with two gay dudes and they are as normal and chill as any one of us. And they despise gay pride parades which are littered with degeneracy and filth. They want to be seen as anyone else - as normal. Not as an oversexualized freak.
If you don't think he's working 100% hand in hand with Media Matters, then I have a bridge to sell you.
I can't believe it took those incompetent assholes this long to come up with this plan tbh
Charity boxing matches are lit. If Tom Cruise and Justin Bieber can do it, why not Maza and Milo? I'm sure each can find a worthy charity.

Though honestly, I think a roast-off would be more entertaining. Gay dudes are some pretty good shit-talkers.
I am just a humble messenger, it's actually an idea they've latched a lot of hope into.

&#x200B;

Not sure what exactly the rules are for promoting subreddit drama/promotion, but if you look at Against Hate Subreddits thread celebrating our quarantine, one of the most upvoted comment threads in the thread is talking about how it's a major deal and so on.
10 min email works just fine lol.
while all right wing creators have been deplatformed and google and the likes have managed to make social media 100% communist, great outlook
Carloth!
useful? yes.  Idiot? no.  He knows quite well what is going on and is actively engaged in it.
i'll give you three guesses as to his place of employment before Vox.
Well, to be fair, David Brock is also a massive faggot with an inordinate amount of power.
This. Media Matters is funded by the DNC + George Soros. They have been shilling all over Reddit since the last Presidential election. That's why the politics sub has become such a cesspool.
It's a bunch of lispy queers then. Carlos Maza is definitely one of them.
You don't know much about Ben Shapiro if you think he'll say that. I'm not saying he's completely based, but he stands firmly against censorship.
We shouldn't be required to agree with everything Trump says to be a Trump supporter and comment here.
False equivalency. I’m an American. I didn’t come here illegally.  Good try 🤡
Is he that rich? How did he get so wealthy?
[removed]
I dunno. That's a cast iron shit show waiting to happen. No doubt.

Yet we've been here for years. And, by and large, they must know we could give two fucks about whatever they're yammering about.

So why now? Right now? I'm dumbfounded until further revelations.
That and trump just called Google out for censorship
SO which one of these jokers tonight is the DNC presumed candidate then.  Sounds like Lizzy Warren could be responsible.  Her handlers saw the Google video and probably threatened them to ensure she is in or else they get broken up.
So they want this to overshadow the debates?  Because that’s what happened.
And the Veritas videos exposing google. That shit hurt them. It was in retaliation as this sub majorly downloaded the video and kept it up for all to see.
LMAO ok this is the main reason for Quaranting us. DNC knows the Donald will put a spot light to the Democrat stupidity. They fucking know it we know it everybody knows it.
Not gonna argue. But they unleash their so-called doomsday weapon now? So early? Seems doomed to failure.
By us? He's about to be called out all over, I think.

I just don't fucking get it. Unless "the plan" is real. (Which I think it is.) But then squashing T_D isn't going to help them. It only helps us. The fools!
Then they will fail. God willing.
Its time to PROTEST,...this is disenfranchisement, nothing less
There's NO WAY The Donald lets The_Donald die without a fight IMO.
Seems way too extreme, obvious and early. But maybe they're just dumb?
Less of the war talk, fren. We'll beat them at the ballot box. No doubt.
Okay. Then we win.
Nothing's stuck yet. Despite repeated attempts. I say let them try it.
They hate us, they are swollen with a sense of moral superiority, and they love hurting people. 

&#x200B;

They're modern day inquisitors.
Media Matters qualifies as loony journalists. It's just a little extra loony because they're coordinated and it's all they do. Also, Carlos Maza himself used to work for them.
He's also brown, another plus.
Yeah, that was the result of shitty policy changes. The policy changes were made in order to justify demonitizing Crowder.
It's almost as if not choosing to base your entire life and persona around what you do with your sex organs makes most people seem normal.

Who woulda thunk?
He used to work for Media matters if my memory is correct.
Well, duhhh...
Thanks for stating the obvious, but I'm aware that the globalist propaganda machine utilizes SJW journos.  The point is that this came from far higher up than one useful idiot, and focusing on him instead of the globalist cabal is exactly WHY they work with these people.
I don’t think it’s worth it to give them a real email or any way to identify us.
Hopefully either some good alternatives come about OR we get an internet bill of rights.  It's funny seeing Reddit shit their diapers screeching about net neutrality and an open internet for all yet advocate for opposing ideas to be banned.  Tgis is the kind of hypocritical bullshit that pushed me to Trump.
They’ll come for him at some point. He’ll slip up and offend the purple haired soy xirs.
Oh I'm aware of his connections to Media Matters, my point is more that we should focus on the hand moving the pieces, and not the pawn itself.
Crime crime crime!!
Google video has them panicking.
Because litigation and legislation to stop them won't come to a head until after the election.

They literally are saying "Fuck you, we are going to do everything we can to influence the presidential election and politics in general and there's nothing you can do about it."

The MSM basically did the same thing years ago, when they dropped any credible pretenses of neutrality and became the propaganda arm of the DNC to get Obama elected.  Other than periods of crappy ratings, have they suffered any consequences?  NO.

They plan on stealing this next election, at which point they won't have to worry about being called to account.  They view Donald Trump's election as an anomaly that they have every intention of making impossible this time around.

This is going to get a lot uglier before it gets better... If it ever gets better.
Now because we may provide rebuttals to tonight's debate or God forbid change someone's mind.
It could be to make it harder for people to see our reactions to the debates. The memes created here will no doubt show how ridiculous the dems are.
Democratic debates begin write to drudge at drudge report dot com. screen shot the ban....should be a great headline for the report and help fellow Americans who care to step up and come this way
Don't call it a comeback!

We been here for years!
We must dig deeper Johnson, we'll find it around here somewhere. There over there I see it, it's the actual collusion. Hand this to Debra to send back to the lab for analysis. The results are in it shows that big tech has a working agenda against conservatives.
You'd be surprised. Local fox news affiliate keeps bringing it up as if I could give two shits. They really think the whole Maga thing will just blow over with some incessant nagging.
It's obvious. They saw what we did to Hillary disiminating info from the wiki emails.
WE did that. They're getting out in front this time.
Maybe this isn't the doomsday weapon. Just a step towards the larger plan.
Too close to 2020 could rile people up to vote. Doing it now, riles people up and they hope that the anger fizzles out before election day.
They are stupid.
Parscale visits here too, so as a community we've got a direct line to the big man.

But yes, this is all absolutely ridiculous.  To quarantine this large of a community over a couple comments a day that are missed by mods and are removed by admins.  Comments that may not even be from actual Trump supporters!

There is no way that they can ban the official sub for the President of the Goddamn United States.  Absurdity.
There is a lot at stake and its a winner take all environment. Actions are being taken and repercussions will be managed as deemed appropriate. 2 years is -not- a long time.
[removed]
Cause my sex junk

Is so, oh, oh, oh

Much more than

Either-or, or or
That was pretty amazing. Censoring Veritas only proved the point.

Google be fucked. I guess they're hoping people are as dumb as they hope they are? But I sincerely doubt it...
plus, we're an ever niggling thorn in their side.  we have all sorts of superstars here, carpe donktum, sara carter, candace owens, tom fitton, the wall guy, maga twatter people...plus 1000's of deplorables.

cd posted an awesome twatter thread about our excommunication.  i'm seeing others pick it up, including the gateway pundit.
Whether or not Hannity drops the ball on any given night, major happenings are inevitable and coming soon.
But

>muh deceptively edited!
Its all about this
It won't matter if congress doesn't approve voter ID. They'll just "find" another million votes in Brenda Snipes' closet
This. The "muh hate speech" quarantine just happened to coincide with the attempted scrubbing of that video from the internet. 

I don't post often at all but I come here for the majority of my news. When I saw the quarantine today I just shook my head in disgust. Whatever the liberals can do to cheat to win I guess.
Won't argue their tactics. But, if they were smarter, they'd have dropped this bomb much later. Come 2020, this will be history I pray.
Maybe. I dunno. Haven't they already rebutted themselves utterly?

If Reddit sees fit to quarantine us over these minor league shit-show debates...isn't that evidence that the powers-that-be are losing big league?

I sincerely hope so...
What the hell are they even going to debate.

Candidate 1: "Orange man bad, hurrrr."

Candidate 2: "No you're wrong. He's oranger and badder."
Time for us all to start participating in other subreddits!
Trust.

8chan is planning to have a second-by-second analysis of the Debate.  And rebuttal.
But we already don't show up practically anywhere. Whose mind could we possibly have changed? We'd be rebutting to ourselves things we all already know to be false.
Yes
Its been hours and silence on Drudge.  He is part of the machine.
I didn't call anything a comeback. You sure it's me you were replying to?
Some balls to squash the number one pro-Trump sub 17 months out of a general election. I pray they fail. If worse comes, we'll face it.
There's too late. And there's too early. This is way too early IMO. We'll see.
Well it's hard to argue with that...
Not being difficult for the sake of it but...winner takes what, exactly?

Donald John Trump will crush any of those mental midgets in 2020.

And they all know it. They have to.

I'm more inclined to believe that they're running in the (mistaken) belief that it shields them from rightful and inevitable prosecution.

But to shitcan T_D? Now? So early in the race?

That's doomed to failure. So what else is going on here? Let's all watch this space...because this is just some suicidal cray cray shit.
No. Asshole. Ballot box. Not violence. Not for nothing, but I spotted you as a shilly anti-Trump cocksucker from the word go.

I was just being polite.

Now go fuck yourself. No replies or winks required.
I hope they get regulated out of existence. fuck it
Unless it’s proving it to normies, it doesn’t matter
Millions*
oh shit wall guys here? Fuck yeah man
How many years have we been hearing that crap?

Is Lois Lerner in jail?  Hillary?  Any of the participants in the coup attempt against Trump?

Pardon me if I don't hold my breath.
the groundwork for 2020 is being laid now, this is plan to decrease functionality on the subreddit until it becomes unusable. timing makes perfect sense
History shows that they will get away with it, and by the time 2020 comes around this will be all but forgotten...  Because even greater outrages have been committed.
A good meme is very memorable. One meme can eliminate a candidate. Biden is fucked because of the sniffing meme. He's poison now.
More like:

"He's literally forcing Mexican fathers to take their babies into rivers to drown!"
The moment this sub gets banned I'll start posting as a tranny on women's sport subs. Maybe rubbing their face in it will wake up some of the normies.
I'm getting my popcorn now
not really. there are millions of lurkers here who don't have a reddit account. they come here just like when we go on twatter without an account and laugh at trump tweets and check out how the retards at twatter are thinking. i'd say 80% of those lurkers are one of us but too scared to comment/post on T_D and the other 20% are swing voters who like seeing the alternative side of policies and issues.
The presidency, politics, news, media, ways of (acceptable) thinking, your mind.   

" But to shitcan T\_D? Now?"  

T\_D is not the first. Its just the first that are you directly involved in it. It wont be the last. The question becomes - what are you going to do about it and when you do - will it be too late and can you effectively do something about it?
Got a live one here. I smelled your comment a mile away. Go back to politics, shill.
Shouldn't they go to jail for election meddling?

I'm from Poland, so I don't know US law. A honest question.
Same here dude.  I mean I'm usually not into that,  but hey.  If we just keep electing patriots, then the govt are obligated to insure that our freedoms are protected online.
There are few time I hope for more governmental oversight..but this is one.

I hope like hell Trump wins a second term and goes hardcore...and that worthless cunt in the supreme court goes to hell, and Trump gets a third justice.  

Guck the left.  They control the media, but everyone sees how full of shit they are.
Agreed. Fuck Google, Amazon, Facebook, etc. 

Fuck them all. 

Regulation until they can't stand up to my own start up web browser
Silicon Valley is one of the most corrupt entities to ever exist.
Normies believe whatever the media say. I agree. Things change...
Yes, I'm done. I'll fight at the ballot box.

Who cares if we are quarantined? I don't mind that we have this exclusive club that costs Reddit money in server load but provides no advertising dollars.
Timing is terrible. I guess these people must be stupid!
I can't and won't deny history. But, to paraphrase the economic world, past failures are no denial of future success. Keep the faith!
And raping Gary Busey look-a-likes in accordance with the script of a Law and Order episode.
"Mothers give their 12-year old daughters contraceptive, because they will be raped"

"They are fleeing a world of political violence, religious zealotry and censorship"

"Trump is a rape machine and should be impeached for those crimes against humanity"

"Liberate Melania and Ivanka from Trump's patriarchical despotism"

"Biden wants to cure cancer; I want to cure America from the cancer that is Trump, his supportes and his voters"

"Women of America should be free to abort Trump"
It's not the first for me, by any means.

I was a longtime Great Awakening subscriber.

But GA was no T_D in terms of reach and stature.

I just pray that this time these assholes have bitten off much more than they can chew.
Yep, you do have a "live one" here. A live, sentient human being.

And I'm not going anywhere, warhog...
There is currently no enforced rule of law.  Other examples include illegal immigration, Hillary crimes, the Mueller failed coup, Smollett hoax etc. etc. #thanksobama
if you are a bush republican or a typical dem you will never go to prison.
They should, but they won't. The process they used is too convoluted and disconnected.
You can bet Google is doing the same shit in Poland.

Great country btw. Also, you don't appreciate your women nearly enough.
If the law was enforced, absolutely. Especially considering that so many of them actively tried to claim the Russian collusion thing was a thing while knowing full well that it was bullshit, they go well into conspiracy to commit (2 or more people planning to perform a crime) territory. Problem is Dem's have cemented themselves into a corner that they desperately want out of; most of their financial support comes from Silicon Valley, which is where most of their advice comes from, and where most of there actively and obviously bad decisions also come from. Because the public is keenly aware of this, no one else wants to give them money or support, so they are basically keeping themselves afloat by recycling their own filth within their closed system. It's slowly degrading their system and it will eventually crumble (sooner, rather than later, it looks like) but that doesn't stop them from trying desperately to avoid it. 

It's like the old saying "A candle flickers most violently when it's about to go out". Democrate party's candle is flickering hella violently right now, and this is just one of the flickers.
They have certainly y done far more than Russia ever did and they went three years into investigations over that.

> A honest question.

aN honest question. The H is silent.

I don't think that's accurate for all talking points. Normies believe that they have other things to worry about, that they will continue the good life in a tyranny (because special), that they are not bigoted/little people enough for the truth, and/or that the end justifies the means. In terms of crowd control and media psychology, we have come a long way since the third reich, so the harmful effects are more varied and nuanced.
It will disappear shortly. Have no doubt about that. They all do once they're quarantined.
Boy did she disappear fast.
**queue start of the debate and Steve Buscemi shows up wearing a suit and blue pin**

How do you do, fellow Democrats?
well, maybe think about putting some real world action behind that prayer and make a difference.
[removed]
If you're on board with the globalist deepstate NWO agenda* FTFY
> bush republican, typical dem

Neocons, war-criminals, globohomo
Oh well. We'll just go speak our minds elsewhere. I won't beg chinese Reddit for the right to free speech. I have it, I'll use it everywhere I go.
Unfortunately, I feel you are right. If you're not fully embracing the 'right-think', it's just a waiting game to see how long it remains.
Back to watch re-runs of The Apprentice, starring her putative rapist.
I'm not a politician. Or a radical. So I'll stick with prayer. God makes the difference. So "what are you going to do about it and when you do - will it be too late and can you effectively do something about it?"

I'm all ears...and law abiding...so parse your words carefully.

What would you have me do?
Where is left? Twitter and facebook are both in on this, and we all know about how google is trying to silence conservatives. I guess voat and gab are still free.

You'd have to basically create your own service.
That is a personal decision that every person must decide for themselves depending on your own skills and attributes and qualities. I never mentioned violence or anything illegal. Prayer isn't going to cut it. Real world action of some kind may. God helps those who help themselves more then he helps those who are meek or with sloth. The most successful people are the ones who go after their goals not the ones who sit by the sidelines and pray with wishful thinking.
Ah...suck my dick, you superannuated cunt?
>superannuated

That is funny. You call me outdated but your the one praying for change. Hilarious. May god rest your angry soul... or actually make you do something about it.
How do they not realize that they've grown up to become the villain they hated in so many movies?
The left just does not understand how to control people anymore and I LOVE it.
>777,777

https://i.imgur.com/qK2tBmj.png
I love how they planted a big ole quick-leave button and yet the subscriber count is going through the roof!
They will eventually remove the subscriber count and current online users as part of the quarantine to further discourage us, in addition to the custom css that has already been removed.
I hope they continue to censor.  It will create a massive movement
you mean 8 million
I didn't unsub myself, but somebody sure did. There is no way that I wouldn't notice t_d was missing from my feed.
I was definitely unsubbed. I strictly use baconreader app to browse Reddit, and noticed the_donald stopped showing up on my feed. I tried to pull the sub up from my list of 100 subreddits and no the_donald.  I couldn't search and add the subreddits back in due to the quarantine.

I opened a browser and went to reddit.com, but again couldn't join or search to find the subreddit. I had to got to the full url: www.reddit.com/r/the_donald THEN I could join again.

I've been a the_donald subscriber for 4 years, definitely did not unsub. Fuckery is definitely afoot.
How did trump win?   We don’t understand.
strike us down and we will become more powerful then you could possibly imagine
And those numbers are off by a factor of 20. "800k" is 16 million people on this Dom.
Dont forget, reddit also manipulates the subscriber count. A few years ago they reported the sub as 6 million to advertisers. I wouldnt be suprised if the number we see is 10% of reality.
Yeah I was curious and watching this myself.  The number of unsubs is surprising.
Resident MAGA weeb here.  I must say I am inspired.  This reminds me almost exactly of my favorite Anime [Gurren Lagann](https://youtu.be/vd22Qa7gqRo) .  "Just who the hell, do you think we are?".
I got unsubbed, I like checking T_D every so often.
Today I got on to look for Democrat debate memes and shitposts. So I went to my favorites section to open T_D, " huh, it isn't here? I guess I must've accidentally unfavorited it by accident." So then I scrolled down to the 'T' section of my subreddits, "wait wtf, where is it?" I triple check and still can't find it. So then I open up the search and start typing "Donald" nothing, "The_Donald" still not what I'm looking for. Eventually I managed to get back here and now it's back under my favorites where it belongs
Wait are they now BANNING/DELETING members who skip past the quarantine?? I don't see why anyone who was here before would leave at that rate?
if we all sub to a single subreddit, could we find our actual numbers?
While I was reading this page the numbers increased by about 100!
I unsubscribed from all other subreddits besides this. The only reason I am a Reddit member is for access to this sub and literally nothing else. If this remove me or this sub, I have use for their product.
i was definitely unsubbed against my will.
Haha, dickheads!
I've been subbed here for at least two years now. I came back today to see that I had been unsubbed. I don't know whether to laugh or cry.
Stupid leftists don't know the power vacuum they are threatening to create.
They either ignored, or never learned about Anerican history.
"It's OK when WE do it!"
They are finally going to usher in the socialist utopia.  Everyone else just got it wrong.
What you need to understand is that it’s a cult... a religion without a god. Big government fills that role. To the left the government must be given every power to make the world just (their version of it), however, you can’t create an all-powerful government just to hand over the keys to the other side. This is why socialism eventually leads to a totalitarian police state. They can’t tolerate dissent if it risks their power structure.
They are called useful idiots for a reason. The ones with power know what they are doing, evil means little to them.
I don't think they care about being seen as the villain.  They want to win at any cost.  We want to win, but winning does not include destroying the fabric of society.
Dolla, Dolla, Billz.

They know, but the champagne soothes their hurt egos.
The most active ones cherry pick troll posts and paint the whole community as racist idiots. Many times it’s a person screen capping his alt’s threatening comments before it’s removed due to violation of the rules. Then posting his own comments and bitching about it.

I mean sure, when there is a sub of nearly 800000(0) people, the ~10th most active sub by comment count (depending on the month, currently 14th as some people can’t access the sub by phone), there will be thousands of actual idiots in the mix as well.
I think the vast majority of users (90%+) are pretty reasonable people. Very rarely do I run into completely idiotic posts on this sub, compared to reddit in general.

Identity politics of the left thinks everyone on T_D must be the same. It’s the same bullshit as balancing SAT score limits for school admissions based off a persons genes.

Source for reddit statistics
https://subredditstats.com/r/The_Donald
They’re so set in their ideology they cannot. They only surround themselves with people who think the same. Expose themselves to information that supports what they believe.

They have to be the “good guys” and anything they do, even when it’s literal Facism is okay.
Because they didn’t learn how to grow up in the first place to even reflect. Reflection > deflection.
You either die a hero, or live long enough to see yourself become the villain.
I wonder what Aaron swartz would think.
This is literally black mirror shit
They were not as crazy before.  This coming from someone who voted Obama twice and went to both inaugs.



They jumped the shark and now they are doubling down.  I kind of hate them at this point and feel ridiculous ever voting for this authoritarian trash fire.
That's what happens when you stop being a meritocracy.
I made a post to timestamp your current subscriber count in the inevitable event of tomfoolery. Check it out.
I never look at that. I have a browser bookmark straight to this page.
The same thing happened to me.

403 error in sync for reddit.

Nothing on main page.

Visited in Brave, got the notification.

Had to login, click continue.

Had to resubscribe.
My app wasnt letting me view it earlier yesterday.  It kept saying I didnt have permission to view it a couple hours before the quarantine.
In subbed and t_d posts never pop up in my feed.
Yeah I had to resubscribe
After you join on the web page you can use it on your app
I hope Spez and the rest who can see the real number grow are terrified.
"With each turn we make a little more progress. That's how a drill works!"
They can manually unsub people, especially if they are inactive or haven't been in the sub for awhile as they won't notice.
I was forcefully unsubbed
You mean everybody sub to a new sub? We don’t need the gratification of knowing our numbers. Reddit knows them and fears us. That’s enough for me.
Or WORLD history for that matter.
This is exactly how these shitbirds think.
"When Batman violated the 4th amendment rights of all of Gotham, it was ok because he was stopping the Joker!!"

And proving his whole point in the process, but I suppose that was lost on them too.
For the “greater good”
were the good guys this time
THIS time sticking the fork in the electrical socket will work. Just you wait and see.
And then that falls apart with revolution of another sort. A NWO won't stop that part, either.
They are all old people. Almost exclusively white men.
I voted for Obama twice.

They were always this crazy and we were fooled. 

Sokal affair, wage gap myth, casual communism that's all been Democrats for over 50 years. It's just finally turning around.
I feel the same. I was with the Dems as recent as last year's midterms. They went completely nuts.
Voted for Obama the first time, itwas the first time I ever voted.

I was all-in on Ron Paul just 4 years later, though!
They hid it well.
Me too----voted for the "winner" in previous elections but now 2016-2024....I voted/will vote for the best leader for our USA, President TRUMP!  Since 2016 my eyes are seeing thru their lies, no longer fooled by the idiot box talking heads.
That’s only because they were winning. Whenever they’ve lost they have had fits of rage.
Thank you!
"Touch the untouchable, Break the unbreakable.  ROW ROW FIGHT THE POWAH"
not a new sub, just an existing one
Shit they don't even know basic civics
"Don't worry, we're a protected class, they're not. 

That means they don't feel pain the way we do. Not really."
This time, we can hold the fork in our mouth. That will surely work.
Well duh, we didn't kill enough last time.  This time round, we kill 200 million to bring in guaranteed utopia!

spez: not a call to violence, is joke
You might vote your way into socialism, but you have to shoot your way out.
If you really want to take a deep dive into the rabbit hole you can logically follow subtle differences in basic concepts of fairness with respect to ethical dilemmas and determine how many if not most people will vote. You're absolutely correct that you can take a lot of the fundamental worldviews of people in the 50's/60's and logically trace their basic definitions of fairness to many of the twisted realities we see Big Tech enforcing today.
Real Eyes, Realize, Real Lies
7.8 billion. Gotta save the earth and live in a utopia. Not with us plebes
People where trying to define fairness since ~400 bc (in western society)

The arguments today look surprisingly a lot like the arguments in Plato’s books, like the gorgias.
or pretend to love the police. Thats all i ask leftists, just pretend for a little
Our plan has finally come to fruition. Now all of America will love and protect the lives of police from sea to shining sea!

And we'll still end up proving they were full of crap.

Double Win!

https://gohmert.house.gov/uploadedfiles/google.mp4
>CTH: FUCK THE POLICE! SLAUGHTER ALL PIGS!

vs.

>T_D: Police are people too.

Guess which sub gets punished?
Most definitely.
We have the best 4d chess!
They’re also shitting on the concept of safe spaces. It’s like yeah, duh, the idea of safe spaces is wimpy and moronic. Thanks for mocking your own concept guys.
I've been called white privileged simply because I openly support the police.  Hell, I've lost friends because they found out I supported the police.

Little do they know I'm 100% Italian from parents who came here legally, had $100 to their name, learned english, and worked hard.

It's amazing what you can do in life when you stop making excuses.
Our game plan all along. We are learning from the best.
HAHAHAHHAHA, Love it!
LOL this is so true.  All of reddit is like "yeah I hate cops!" until T_d gets accused of it and they're like "uhhh I love police..."
It's just a select few people. The rest are paid bots and shills. 

The normies only come to Reddit for GOT memes, cat pictures, and porn. 

The normies outnumber us all combined. 

Do you think a normal person gives a shit about what happens in politics? They should but at the end of the day, most people just want to get on with life. 

The """""claims""""" are just to keep the normies happy. If they start to leave the site then Reddit is fucked.
Fake it, till you make it.
> Thats all i ask leftists, just pretend for a little

Their entire platform is pretending.

They pretend to care about minorities, but fund welfare states to keep them in intercity ghettos. They pretend to be against censorship of the internet and rail against Net Neutrality, but yet here we are. They pretend to be for transparency in government officials, but called the Benghazi emails a "conspiracy theory." They pretend to be against Big Tech until Google works in their favor.
No one around here hated the police. Not a single one of us lol

They can't even hoax right. This is less believable than Jussie Smollett claiming someone recognized him on the street!
LOOK SPEZ HE WANT TO FUCK THE PO PO!!! REEEEEEEEE
I’ve been on this sub for years and I see a pro police post almost daily. Anyone can look up our history.
"And I said 'what the fuck did just say to me?'" pretend badass 😆
Yeah it was a lie. Media matters and Carlos Maza were talking about this two days ago. They probably lied to reddit and reddit was happy to quarantine us right before the Dems took the stage.

Dems can't win in a fair fight. They either need to consor us or lose.
This man fights.
Did he just tweet this? Stuck behind a wall at work.
Metaphorically burn* it to the fucking ground Jimmy

*This is not a call to violence or arson.
O’Keefe always holds back. He’s like Billy Mays, there’s always more.
> **Veritas**: Releases info showing employee of institution acting badly.

> **Institution**: This heavily edited video misrepresents what the employee means.

> **Veritas**: Releases the full unedited video.

> **Institution**: Ok, that is bad, but that's just one person.

> **Veritas**: Releases video of other employees saying the same things.

> **Institution**: Maybe it's the opinion of a few employees, but it's certainly not our policy.

> **Veritas**: Releases email and other documents showing that it really is their official policy.

Every single time Veritas exposes someone, they come loaded for a fight. If you're a corrupt institution, your best bet is to try and not say anything for a while, and when you finally do, cross your fingers and pray that Veritas doesn't have more that will further make you look like fools.
I feel like the war already started and today we just woke up.
40k+ here waiting to viral it!  BRING IT NOW
NOW DO REDDIT
This is what I like about O'Keefe. He lets people put their foot in their mouths. Then he drops more hardcore evidence confirming that these people are lying sacks of shit.
I have loved this guy since the conception of Project Veritas. 


He and his team only get better.
He's been getting so good at this shit. He's always been good, but lately he's been fucking nailing it
  
Andrew would've been proud as all Hell right now.
I hope I can read it w/out so commu-fascist leftist deleting it before I can see it
Its almost as if he was saving the best for last.
Doesn't this literally count as a cold war now? Now...which side gets the chernobyl treatment....
Please be safe James! Youre deep in the swamp!
Until there's consequences, none of this matters. They know they can just keep lying and nothing will happen.
# OVER THE TARGET

# When your product sucks, it will only sell if it doesn't have competition
Haven't they figured out his game yet?  He publishes something damning, waits for them to lie, then publishes more which contradicts their lie.
Strike it while it's hot
This timeline is so lit!
#🎶HERE WE STAND, OR HERE WE FALL🎶

#🎶HISTORY DON'T CARE AT ALL🎶

#🎶MAKE THE BED. LIGHT THE LIGHT🎶

#🎶LADY MERCY WON'T BE HOME TONIGHT🎶

#🎶YOU DON'T WASTE NO TIME AT ALL🎶

#🎶DON'T HEAR THE BELL, BUT YOU ANSWER THE CALL🎶

#🎶IT COMES TO YOU AS TO US ALL🎶

#🎶WE'RE JUST WAITING FOR THE HAMMER TO FALL🎶
Representative Gohmert, if you are watching, you might want to add this one to your website too.
Mercy James, I can only orgasm so many times before I need a break.
Does O'Keefe post on here?
Oh lawdy he commin
This guys does good work.  Keep it up!
"cicki" is Polish slang for tits
Is she the aparatchik who tesitified in front of congress the other day?
Has this been updated?
Time to show the masses before they block everything.
Hope he burns it all down. And for any left-wing lurkers, that's what's called a metaphor.
This man flirts with Arkancide.
Stand behind him brother
THIS GUY FUCKS!!!!!
I can’t spare him.
https://mobile.twitter.com/JamesOKeefeIII/status/1143980322457096193

20 minutes ago.
wew

That was close.
This gut wants us to be hit by a Metaeor... what a sick bastard.🤡🌎
Good thing you told us it wasn’t a call to violence I was worried!
Posts just got 10 feet longer.
End them

(This comment is not a violent comment suggesting or promoting self-harm or other forms of violence, and in fact, looks upon such ideas as shameful)
The man is going to metaphorically kill it in 2020
Andrew Breitbart taught him how to do this. Every time you see our enemies fall into this trap, thank Andrew. He was such a great man.  It breaks my heart that we lost him.
Talk about some 3D chess...
Don’t give them good ideas.
Where can one find the full unedited video? Would love to share that.
Support Veritas guys. Imagine what they could achieve if they had an actual budget!
The downside is that there's no standard of proof that can actually change the minds of these people.
Quarantine felt like a body blow.
Buckle up, friend. This is only the beginning.
40k+ here waiting to get this dom banned for discussing this!!

ftfy
Don't forget all the "conteeeeeeeext" screechers who disappear when he drops the full vid.
It's on gohmerts gov website, hopefully a lot harder to take down. Also seen many drops of the leaked docs in PDF format on consipracy
I think it’s literally unfolding by the hour. Yesterday I watched an interview where he said six other whistle blowers have just emailed that day. They are getting braver!
Kind of. One side attacks and is out for blood. The other just wants free speech and open debate. It's more like an attempted ideological cleansing.
Unfortunately, we’ve seen this movie time and again.

1. Congress holds hearings.
2. Cruz or someone makes great points. Everyone claps.
3. Trey Gowdy hits them with a zinger on Fox.
4. Nothing happens.
Like clockwork
Yes. He is the one that uploaded the original google video on the_donald. His tweet that showed his project veritas account being banned was him trying to post on the_donald. He knows this is the only place he can link his work without it being removed.

james_okeefe_iii is his username
Oh they understand metaphors. They just don't care. They're disingenuous to their rotten cores.
**VIOLENCE!!!!**
ArE yOu InCiTiNg Violence??? - Some disingenuous cuck
I want to see silicon valley metaphorically burned to the ground.
Accurate
Hold the line boys, we Fight along side each other
And by "fucks" he means he sticks his penis in a vagina.
OH HELL YEAH
It’s kinda fun to be so literal when even my 2 year old understands what a metaphor is.
Well he said it wasnt arson, but he did not specify that it wasnt a chemical burn. Take him out, Spez. This one right here. Lock him up.
Posts? I just see a wall of text.
If only breitbart could see what has become of his revolution. What started as a single man writing books, standing alone against the deep state, has become well over 30% of the country taking up digital arms to fight and destroy the beast.
They won't come here. It's quarentiened.
Seems to me that it has had exactly the opposite effect. NO BRAKES!
Oh I can't wait till they ban us! Seriously
either way gets the point across.

martyers to the cause
yep...the dam is about to burst wide open.
For something to happen, Trump needs to get involved. There's very little that Cruz or anyone in congress can do about it themselves. Congress moves at a snail's pace.
Happy cake day!
\#metoo
LET'S FUCKING GO. FUCK YOUTUBE. FUCK REDDIT. FUCK GOOGLE. FUCK BIG TECH.

(This comment is not a violent comment suggesting or promoting self-harm or other forms of violence, and in fact, looks upon such ideas as shameful)
Send your kid back to school... it's spelled Metaeor
I wish Andrew were still with us.  Imagine how awesome it would be to see him in action right now.  Thank God for James and for all the great things James has learned from Andrew!
Agreed.  In reality, the ball isn’t going to move much until 2020 and that is only if we take back the house.  I’m not singling our Cruz-he, Hawley, Crenshaw and a few others are trying to move things forward.  These companies are too big. No need for regulation.  Just need to break them up.
Lmao this shit is awesome haha
They’ve given you to consent to fuck them.
You see, I've decided to end every comment with the following, shamelessly stolen:

(This comment is not a violent comment suggesting or promoting self-harm or other forms of violence, and in fact, looks upon such ideas as shameful)
100% facts
Yeah there obviously buying votes as well.

Warren says she’ll end offshore drilling when she’s president. 

The government received lots of money from the drilling and fuel as well so it’s not gonna happen.

They don’t like that we’re calling them out of their bs and are censoring us so people who can’t thing for themselves vote democratic only knowing one side of the story.
Go after their advertisers. Email any companies that advertise with Reddit and let them know they're supporting censorship and political interference. If we co-ordinate we can do some real damage and show Reddit that stomping on our space was a bad idea.
I wondered why they let our community thrive. Strategically, this is our lightning rod of an online community. They allow us to gather all our eggs in this basket knowing they can turn off the switch whenever they like.

&#x200B;

Strategically, we need a place where we are in control of our visibility. I just don't know how to do that.
It'd be funny if Trump tweeted and mentioned us...

> Why is my favorite sub being censored!? Once I'm done with Google, I'll have to talk to reddit!
Redpills are a hell of a drug
The absurdity of resorting to censorship as a way of promoting nonviolence:

&#x200B;

Free speech is a cornerstone of nonviolent interaction in civilized society. In lieu of violence, people can speak, share, debate, engage in discourse, and express themselves. It is when the ability to do these thing is forcibly (not to mention unfairly and unnecessarily) obstructed or removed that the path toward violence is paved, because the primary alternative to violence has been removed, inhibited, or made inaccessible.

&#x200B;

In essence, a policy of censoring people and groups of people for simply speaking is a policy that is de facto pro-violence.
Were we not essentially quarantined before? That's what the suppression was, an unofficial quarantine but it isn't working so now they are banning/suspending users and quarantining us officially. Nothing has changed. The mods seem to want us to go down with the ship, so I am looking forward to the ensuing chaos when Steve Huffman breaks out the ban hammer
Well, on the bright side, I think this solves the energy crisis. All we have to do is dig up Aaron Schwartz and hook his corpse up to a generator as he rolls over in his fucking grave.
Actual election meddling.

If only the GOP actually cared. Thinking more that the GOP will be happy to watch America turn to socialism.
>the memes will flow and they know it.

Not long ago I said on this sub that I would buy a drawing tablet to do my part in the meme war. I just ordered a drawing tablet from Amazon, a couple of months too early. Memekrieg is it.
They cannot win in the marketplace of ideas.  Illogical and unreasonable ideas and policies that will make Americans worse off cannot win them an election.  They only way to push through their agenda and win the election is to make sure no voters see the alternatives.  And here we are.
It's cuz Carlos from vox told them too actually
These people are just pathetic.  Thats all I can say.
It’s so obvious it hurts
i hate to memify it but... coincidence? I THINK NOT.
Hypercuck Spez is afraid.
Please explain this in Spanish.
We're still going to meme them into oblivion, now we get to do it with the most traffic we've had in months.
I suspect we will be locked down once the debates start. Watch party anyone?
To be honest, quarantining this subreddit is only going to draw in lots of curious folks and galvanize its current followers. Couldn't have been better timing to sing their enemies name :) Good luck Dems, your going to need it.

&#x200B;

Long live Life, Liberty and the Pursuit of Happiness.

&#x200B;

\#KAGA

\#TRUMP2020
LET THE MEMES FLOW REGARDLESS FOR THESE FASCIST FUCKHEADS
Of course...and scheduling their silly debates while the President is at the G20 is no accident either. Lucky for us they do not understand how anything works anymore. Trump is still going to tweet a shitstorm about the debate debacles, and they are about to Streisand Effect their fascist censorship. Americans don't like censorship. That is a core American value. It's baked right into our beloved Constitution. This is all going to blow up in their faces spectacularly.
This is their tactical nuke ahead of the start of the 2020 meme war.
Google situation as well
EXACTLY this. The stumbling clown show of measuring who is the most progressive and who will give the most free shit to the least amount of Americans will generate really good memes.
#LET THE MEMES FLOW LIKE THE WIND ALL OVER REDDIT!!
42k online (maybe more?) - I think the Memes are gonna be spicy!
What the actual fuck? Why are they quarantining this sub? I have never seen any calls on violence on here, ever. Did I miss something?
More people know about us and are browsing on the day of the debate... That's the positive outlook.
Total coincidence... lol...
I've been a lurker on T_D for a long time and i think now is a great time to break that! TRUMP 2020
The meme spice must flow.
The memes will flow, we will just have to work harder to spread them.
So what does this quaritine even mean? We cant post here anymore or something?
Not even just ridicule, they are worried we might change someone's mind from pointing out any bullshit agenda they try and push on that stage.
One can not simply censor memes, with this quarantine they have awoken the sleeping frog. The power of Kekistan is to strong.
[removed]
Aren't the debates tomorrow?  Was gonna watch the Live Stream with Crowder

edit:

DNC debate candidates for June 26

    Cory Booker
    Bill de Blasio
    Julián Castro
    John Delaney
    Tulsi Gabbard
    Jay Inslee
    Amy Klobuchar
    Beto O'Rourke
    Tim Ryan
    Elizabeth Warren

DNC debate candidates for June 27

    Joe Biden
    Michael Bennet
    Pete Buttigieg
    Kirsten Gillibrand 
    Kamala Harris
    John Hickenlooper
    Bernie Sanders
    Eric Swalwell
    Marianne Williamson
    Andrew Yang

Candidates who didn't qualify for the first DNC debate

    Seth Moulton
    Steve Bullock
    Mike Gravel
    Wayne Messam
yeah
I think its more relating to all the Posts we did about Google...
other subs like chapo can call for violence daily and the Donald gets quarantined imagine my shock
True news.
And now there are approximately 40,000 people here just in time for the debates. These people are stupid.
Only going to get worse as there are no repercussions for the lefts totalitarian acts of censorship. All I see is outrage and whining, but nobody does a damn thing. No one holds these fuckers accountable or provides any justice for the incessant injustice the left continues to dish out. They will keep pushing the limits on what they get away with. Since the 2016 election the rapid polarization of this country has beencoming to head, and I pray that when it finally blows that there are still Patriots in this country that can organize and finally draw the line in the sand. The silent majority is done being silent, and we will not sit by and watch this country be destroyed from within.
How will the quarantine impact the mods ability to create live comment posts for use during the debates?
www.clownworld.us
Looks like media matters is running the Broke D. Brock playbook.
They’ll still flow....

Onto literally every other sub. 

The pinko retards that run this website think a “quarantine” on a website is akin to keeping us caged in here. The idiots just opened themselves up to a flood of posts everywhere else. It’s not brigading since this sub is technically locked.
They're scared of the meme goldmine. Go to discord, where salt never flows.
Fuck em. The Memes must flow!
The timing is a little too obvious. Perhaps something big is coming out that they don't want us spreading?
memes can melt through steal beams. quarantining the donald wont save them from collapse.
Ya know, this could definitely Streisand in their faces. Just saying. Spread the word.
Shame, because these debates are meme worthy.  They are literally suggesting decriminalizing illegal immigration and institute completely open borders!
I might have called it anything but conspiracy on any other day. Literally any. Other. Day.

I've no choice but to call it what it is: a conspiracy to silence an outlet that would be covering the debates in a negative way.
Anyone got a tl;dr on the debates? I had better things to do (literally anything) and didn't watch.
And after the project veritas got mass censored as well.
[removed]
"memes will flow" - Yes. Like leftist salty tears.
June 23: Business as usual
June 24: Project Veritas report is released
June 25: This sub is quarantined
June 26: Chat rooms are released that show mods changing comments and using them as "evidence". This also "happens" to be the day of the first DNC debate.
😒
Where do we go when this is taken down?
I mean the memes will still flow, they do it to themselves 🤣. 

🇺🇸😎🇺🇸
That's a good point
Is reddit trying to get all Republican voters extra fired up to vote? 

Because that is what will happen.
It’s more to do with the google expose actually.

Anywyas. Everyone get on conservative reddit.

We can make front page again.
It was done this way to make the users here mad, nothing else.   


The general public hardly even knows what reddit is, much less cares.  They come home from work, eat their microwave dinner, turn the tube on, and zone out while their brains are washed and prepped for the next phase.    


The trap that is the death of freedom will be all but shut by the time most people even have their slumber disturbed.
Why is it obvious? I think it's safe to say the majority of people watching the democratic debates are left of center, so what benefit would come from banning a firmly right forum? What candidate specifically benefit? Why would reddit do this to support that candidate? 

I know things are tense site wide and I'm honestly not trying to stir anything up, I just don't see the connection.
They quarantined this subreddit to protect the presidents campaign from hit pieces.

Look at who controls reddit
I guess Reddit thought we’d all give up on Trump and watch the commie debate. 

WRONG.
Exactly lol
Trump has some tricks up his own sleeve. Not sure if it's been posted here yet, but he bought the freaking MASTHEAD on youtube during the time of the Democrat debate, with his own campaign ad. The MASTHEAD is the top box that you see on the home page of youtube. It is one of the most expensive ad buys on the market. He should link it to this sub!
Lol the moderator is Rachel Maddie. What a joke
To get in via desktop, if you were already subscribed:

1. Pull up DuckDuckGo.

2. Search on The\_Donald.

3. Look for the Reddit site in the results.

4. Click "Continue" after the dire warning that you will die if you read the site lol.

It's still there, just in a stripped-down version.
Damn thats the fucking truth right there. 

Democrats are sore losers. Hi SHARIA SHILLS. losers.
With that in mind...

#Don’t let this distract you from the meme war. If we’re being censored right before the debates it means they’re worried about how they’re going to go and how we’re going to react.
We got talk radio to poke fun of this. We're gonna meme. We gonna not stop. If anything, amped up
You know demonrats suck when they can't take the simple onslaught of memes. Despicable
Its been obvious for a while now. Republicans in the house and senate have done squat while content creators have been censored left and right, and everyone in big tec knows the government isn't going to do shit about it... so nothing is stopping them from doing this sort of thing now or in the future.


 [They will never let go of their defeat in 2016](https://twitter.com/MisterAntiBully/status/1143185415001845760).   its only going to get worse, and 1st amendment rights will go further down the tubes by totalitarian leftists... The internet is becoming less creative and more of a artifical, bland place every time a website censors content creators and commentary

___________

 The only ways to prevent this from getting any worse is for legal action, whether it be through lawsuits, actually enforcing current law, or legislature.  
Congress and the house gets off their old asses and actually addresses this sort of censorship by big tec, before their base votes for other, more competent people.
Totes no coincidences/s
They are the worst criminals. not very slick are they.
I admit, I don't give one shit about politics and am 100% neutral against trump, but that was the absolute first thing that came to mind when I heard the news.

Also any time someone even posts a police dog on awwww or similar subreddits I'm always tripping through piles of anti-cop bullshit and "bash the fash" shit all the time. I've browsed T_D infrequently before when something spectacularly stupid happens (only to find out the original accusation was either majorly blown out of proportion, taken out of context or a downright lie) and I've never seen anything "violent" here. Seen some pretty nasty shit, but nothing worse than I've seen from the "left" on other completely non-political subs.

TBH I'm a little surprised they had the balls to quarantine this place despite how hard people were frothing at the mouth to get it shut down.

God speed you bastards, subbed just for the fuck of it.
OP was correct. 

The Dems looked like a bunch of clowns tonight.  

And they'll be even more clownish tomorrow night.
GET YOUR MEME MACHINES READY BOYS
They better be careful.  About half the debate candidates ranted and raved about breaking up big tech like Google.
I was really looking forward to the memes today and tomorrow about the debates
Great.. now they're forcing me to watch that shitty debate so we can expose all their radical globalist candidates in real time.
Where can i watch this debate on youtube, i live in vietnam
Such blatant censoring! We're the only people who are allowed to [censor people!](https://i.imgur.com/FLER1Ys.jpg) How dare they try and impose on our own principles and beliefs!
You were not censored.

I came here and posted for the first time and can read everything posted here.

What exactly is censored?
All it did was bring more publicity. T_D was always "under quarantine"...we cant hit front page or popular. That's what a quarantine is. Now weve got a little warning before you click in the sub that might as well read

"Real shit is in here." To anyone searching for info.
I have read and posted on T_D daily since early 2016 (under different handles).

I have never once seen a threat of violence against law enforcement on this Domreddit.

Further, President Trump himself is the most vocal supporter of law enforcement and the military to occupy the White House in modern history.

The majority of comments I see here regarding police are positive, except in certain threads alleging police brutality/complaining about certain laws.

However, leftists routinely encourage and commit violence against police and other citizens, particularly groups such as BLM and Antifa, which are praised or at least tolerated elsewhere on Reddit.

Reddit is once again applying a double standard and persecuting a large, mainstream community of users for the supposed "crime" of supporting the duly-elected president of the United States.

I make it a point to represent the pro-police perspective 100% of the time, and even in negative threads, to remind people that the actions of a minority are not equivalent to all or even most police officers.

Law enforcement is a crucial function in our society, and literally allows the law, and thus our society and country, to exist.

Cops are human beings, and human nature means sinfulness. However, American police are typically thoroughly vetted during the hiring process, and are usually highly law-abiding and principled individuals, if not perfect.

Anyone who has a problem with certain laws, such as drug laws, civil asset forfeiture, "quorum-busting" laws, etc., should remember that it is called law enforcement, and not law creation, for a reason.
Can confirm.
https://www.projectveritas.com/video/insider-blows-whistle-exec-reveals-google-plan-to-prevent-trump-situation-in-2020-on-hidden-cam/
If you are black, vote for us and we will give you money (reparations), if you are a college graduate who majored in something with no real-world application, vote for us and we will give you money (student loan forgiveness).
If offshore drilling ends would gas prices go up?
Rush Limbaugh exposed that there were a sea of presstitude reporters and cameramen, you can hardly see her face. They draw more media people than audience.
and their payment processors

and their DNS hosters

and their ISP
That might work if their advertisers weren't in favor of political censorship.
Yeah... that's not going to work

They are the ones who endorsed this in the first place

(This comment is not a violent comment suggesting or promoting self-harm or other forms of violence, and in fact, looks upon such ideas as shameful)
Gab.ai
voat
Jordan Peterson is working on a social media platform.
dream come true
And you know GEOTUS browses

(This comment is not a violent comment suggesting or promoting self-harm or other forms of violence, and in fact, looks upon such ideas as shameful)
Add upon that, the hypocrisy in that this sub is one of the least hateful on Reddit. The only ones promoting violence are shills trying to get us banned. Meanwhile redacted is nothing but hate and calls for violence. Laws and rules must be applied equally for a society to thrive. Dig through the original Covington threads and people were calling for torture of innocent children. Loretta Lynch herself called for "blood in the streets", her words not mine... Violence is only used by those who can't win with nonviolent methods. This sub has won and won again by focusing on supporting our President, rejecting anger, and laughing at the inanity that is the left. You cant MAGA if you are full of hate; take for example the degenerate left.
They're backwards and upside down. They are trying to cause violence because they know they can take complete control after.
This is the written warning from the manager that never liked you.

Next step is you get shitcanned.
Reddit is DIGGing its own grave.
I think the GOP party leaders doesn’t give a f**k about our country and the Democrats don’t either.
Someone else came up with this. He's just the face (or the fall guy).
This is just the start.
No, it's a fake reason
Welcome!
You need a validated email address to join.  No sub pictures. It doesn't come up in a search for the sub. 

Idk if this is part of it, but now T\_D no long has any posts on my home page.
voat sucks ass. bunch of Nazi LARPers and 4-fags.
It's because you got quarantined and the front page is a minefield of referential posts. Hell this sub may actually GAIN subscribers in the wake of this.
I disagree with the politics but your words are the truest and most important:

THE MEMES MUST FLOW
We destroy occasional cortex photo op at the border, and our memes reach millions in ridicule points.
-	Learn Spanish
-	Free Healthcare for all
-	No one could answer if Feds should take guns
-	Spartacus is black and comes from a community.
Your comment was automatically removed because you appear to have used a link shortener.

Please re-post your comment using direct, full-length links only.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/The_Donald) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Except they get on social media and see ideas that originated from here and they are more persuasive than shitlib media cramming leftism down their throats.
An effective meme has the power to hobble an entire campaign. We are a central hub for the creation and distribution of memes.
Because we are the door to enlightenment
Protect the president's campaign? I think you mean protect the Dims.
lol how did they let him do that?
That dude cries a lot, he should probably get some help.
For one, searching Reddit we don't show, two you have to opt in after a FUD warning, 3 the custom banner is gone, 4 we no longer will show on people's top feed even when subbed,. That enough for you? There's probably more related to web censoring and social media linking too.
Its bullshit, my mobile app won’t load this dom anymore. I have to actually use the website now and I dont like it.

*left for awhile and came back to lots of good advice that works. Basically, log in to your reddit account through a browser, then you should be able to use your app. If not, then your app blows and should be deleted.
came here to say this.  We've always been restricted, and we can all still post here.  So what's the difference?

#IT JUST MAKES THIS SUB MORE PUNK ROCK
It's like Tipper Gore's parental advisory sticker for compact discs.
I just went back are reviewed my posts for the last month. 75% were quarantined. I mostly post facts, my opinion or funny comments. Check my stuff, Watch, this will be quarantined too
"orange typey bois bad"
been here since oct '15 and have not seen any violence. i have however seen people saying the left wants violence to be victims and we wont give them the satisfaction. instead we meme.
Don't forget that, if elected, Creepy Uncle Joe Biden will....CURE FUCKING CANCER!
Yes ,
My Dad works for shell and he works on the Perfidio spar. Look it up. It produces about 100000 gallons of gas a day. I think it lowers gas prices by 5% (not sure)

It’s 10 year anniversary is soon.
This, let them know they are materially involved in the destruction of the United States from the inside, and you will not ever do business with them until they stop doing business with Reddit.

Its time to shut it all down.
Most of which are left leaning. 

Doubt it will go anywhere.
Gab.ai sucks and isn't even the same type of social media as reddit.

Voat also sucks.

We need our own website where we have full control.
The problem with sites like gab and voat is they are overrun with actual Nazis. It's not really a viable alternative atm.
mods need to sticky it - all the mods from here need to go there first, weed out all the liberal plants that are going to go there to act as racist/hateful people because there will be thousands of them trying to do that - slowly make the transition from here to there..or just build a website forum and I am positive all the support will make it a tremendous success.
Gab.ai, Voat... these are alternatives, but they are all walled gardens, just like TwitterBookTube. Let's not repeat their terrible, terrible mistakes. Federation is the future.

[GNU Social](https://www.gnu.org/software/social/) and [Mastodon](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mastodon_%28software%29) are [open source](https://infogalactic.com/info/Open_source) web site software packages that run twitter-like web sites using a common protocol, [pump.io](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pump.io) (previously OStatus).

Like email servers, you can run your own or get an account on someone else's server. So let's say conservatives congregate on several servers, and libertarians on another group. You, a (let's say) conservative, subscribe to a libertarian's account on a lib server, one that is federated with your server (meaning, they allow shared posts). You can repost the libertarian's stuff on your con server account, and he can repost yours on the lib server.

This networking goes further: the conservative servers would likely ban adult images, the libertarian servers not, so long as adult posts are tagged "NSFW." The con servers would likely site-wide filter and block posts tagged NSFW, so if you accidentally reposted ("retweeted") a libertarian's picture with a nipple flash, some user would flag it as an error and it would be blocked, and you would be notified.

As you can imagine, if you can distribute a Twitter-like website, you are more than halfway to writing a distributed, that is, federated, Reddit.

One thing about this federation of servers (dubbed the Fediverse by GNU Social and the rest): the center-right suspects that Twitter, Facebook &c shield offensive, even abusive, Leftist/SJW activists unfairly. (I am one of them.) I think a Fediverse would reveal that even most Democrats despise the intersectional feminists, critical race theorists, &c and a Fediverse would reveal when most Democrats end up on servers that do not federate with servers that allow SJW outrage to tyrannize the other users. (Just as conservatives would like to ban neo-Nazis. I'm still ticked that a bunch of those twits showed up to a Tea Part meeting, milking the outrage like the Westboro Church.)
The primary problem with voat and any other free-speech platform, is the thousands upon thousands of individuals who are, in one way or another, paid by the likes of Soros to post pro-white-supremacy, pro-nazi, etc. propaganda.  The objective being to scare off anyone who is visiting and give them the impression that conservatives are everything the TV says they are, or that they might be caught in some controversial thing later down the road for having been associated with it.
And then we all continue the same discussions on the mainstream political subreddits and expose more normies to redpills, as well as the hysterical name calling that the left will launch into when we do that.
Nah, he's nothing. Just a guy who read some stuff on their internal slack or something...
its is gone from my sub list too
It does suck, but if you want unfiltered free speech your choices are limited. As more people go to voat, the Jew/N posts go down because there’s more people posting and voting. 

Once you break through the initial shock, you’ll find there’s great subs that aren’t race focused. The hobby subs are very nice over there and there’s no foaming dipshits rummaging through your post history.
Then don’t go.  Trying to stop other people from congregating together is bullshit though and makes me wonder your purpose here.  Sorry I’m irritable right now.  Have a nice day.
The reason it's like that is assholes like you telling all the decent people to stay off of it and make it good. Userbases can change if you try. Plus it's based on sub-communities, so you can just make a new one for less extreme people.
Dude no one would say Reddit was worse 5 years and back then it had coontown and the fat shaming sub and many others. Fact is engage with cool shit and the rest doesn't matter. That's like going to a job and putting all your focus on some cuck that works there and saying your job sucks.
Thank you, lmao at that last one.
You have a mountain's worth more faith in humanity than I do.  I hope you are right.
Try redditisfun. Works for me.
I had to login through the browser and accept the quarantine and then it worked on my mobile app (Apollo) again. Hope that helps!
Login on a web browser and get to TD. It will show the quarantine notice. Once you accept it should be tied to your username and work on mobile. I can access through Apollo on iOS now.
Once I clicked through the quarantine message on desktop I could get back here on mobile
Use mobile browser
Same. I deleted the app. Its useless
Boost works for me XD
Step 1: Go to reddit.com/r/The_Donald
Step 2: Click "Continue" on the Quarantine warning
Step 3: It should show two options: Stay on Chrome on open on Reddit app. Click the latter.

This worked for me
When you do it from a PC you can view it on mobile again
Hold down the multitask button on android to bring up slpitscreen veiw, then press and hold the multitask again, and the quarantine message will dissapear
You have to access it via the webpage and accept the terms while you are logged in. Then you can access it via your app.
I like the web version much better. My phone kept automatically viewing in mobile version a while back and I hated having to repeatedly manually change it back.
It worked for me after saying yes I want to enter the damn sub like 5 times
Do you have an iPhone? 

I use the app and all I had to do was visit this sub via the safari browser and came back to the app and could get in. 

A trick I learned when watchpeopledie was quarantined.
Log into desktop once, click okay on the quarantine warning, and it works on mobile again
It’ll load on the mobile app after you visit it on a browser and click yes you want to view the quarantined page.  That’s what I had to do and now I’m typing this in Apollo just fine.
There are apps?
Baconreader will let you but you have to click ok from a browser first!
Apollo? I knew something was up today when my phone wasn't loading this DOM.

Going to jump on RedditIsFun as some people below suggested and see how that is.
I prefer Boost
Fuck the official Reddit app.  Make sure you have adblock on too.
You have to use your browser to log on and click accept on the quarantine warning, then your app should work again.
baconreader? try resubscribing to the sub through your browser, then log out and back in on ur baconreader app. then it should work (worked for me)
Once you go to the website and agree to continue, open the app from there and then it will start letting you in on the app again.
Try going on the app to a link that just says r/the_donald . It worked for me.
Mobile app works for me fine.
slide for android gets a 403 forbidden error. :(
Don't use the official Reddit app regardless. I use the desktop version of the site in my browser, I like it way better this way.
RSS feeds of this domreddit have stopped working since the quarantine too.
If you load the sub from an internet browser, log in, then click the quarantine thing it should load in app.

I had the same issue, but doing that fixed it.
It’s work on your app if you log in on your browser in desktop version and go to reddit.com/r/the_donald
And choose continue on the quarantine notice. After that you can go back to the app and find it.
also no need for adblock and we don't give gold, anyway hah
That yellow Quarantine filter looks pretty badass, doesn’t it?
And mine about Rod Blagojevich were quarantined. I guess Reddit hates him.
Tha fuck is he waiting for?
He'll do it by firing two shotgun blasts in the air.
Neat! Platforms are sorta dangerous in my mind.
then keep going to their customers, shareholders, etc.
>We need our own website where we have full control

devPEDES GTFIH!
The mods of theredpill have written a backup site copy of reddit and seem to be open to collaboration
Voat is overrun with trolls and Nazi. Gab just has a few among everyone else.
Gab is better than voat in that regard because of the decentralization of the hosting. Look up what gab is doing on the 4th of July
I don't want to go on the mainstream subs. It just pisses me off.

(This comment is not a violent comment suggesting or promoting self-harm or other forms of violence, and in fact, looks upon such ideas as shameful)
Shadowbanned
IT showed back up for me once I clicked the "I agree" on their quarantine warning.
Huge vote for RedditIsFun. Great app
worked for me, too....
Same.
Yup, same here
How ironically named...
Same for me, working now.
Worked on the Narwhal reddit app as well.
It let me accept on the app. It works fine... at least for me.
Same here.
Thats what I meant I am doing, and it sucks. And I am not downloading reddits mobile app because of this.
Same
Username checks out as being too busy to find out.
The censorship is getting stronger
Same
To be elected, duh. He'll just make cancer illegal with a simple Executive Order.



/s
I'm a developer, but sadly not a WEB developer. I could probably bumble my way through it, but we need people with experience already to do it right.

I'm a desktop and microcontroller dev. :(
It won't work. You need to get big, and to get big you need to be able to scale, and scaling takes money. You need centralizationto to scale, and you need it to get the network effect which makes everybody want to come to the same place. With a thousand decentralized nodes it'll just be like diaspora, i.e. interesting technical idea but scattered and diluted and no momentum. This subreddit has oomph because everybody comes here. You need a central place to get that special magic. You just need some enlightened and technically savvy non-cucks running it, that's all.
I want to give a 3rd shout out to the Redditisfun app. I like it much better than the official app and it had darkmode before darkmode was a popular thing. I also feel like it's more user friendly and I've never had any weird wonky shit happen with it.
Try redditisfun app it works for me
Relay for Reddit
Apollo works fine.
Now its gonna be under attack by the Leftist because you know they have nothing worthwhile to talk about so they're all rabidly Refeshing the Dom
I did find out just now that I just had to accept the quarantine message on desktop...works again thankfully.
I can do front-end and design. I wonder what the rest of the T\_D would think of this idea.
The other way to scale is to go small and numerous: the GNU Social/Mastodon model.

[Write up right up here](https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/c5tjpj/censoring_this_sub_on_the_day_of_democrat_debates/es5m6nh/).
confirmed
I can certainly help with the backend. Databases and all that stuff.
Sure, it might work. Only time will tell. I just have an intuition that you need centralization in order for things to really grow and reach critical mass. Otherwise you just end up with this distributed, fragmented mess that never really achieves that "everybody wants to be there because everybody else is there" factor. How many other "pro-Trump" sub-reddits have there been? How many "true news" subs? Lots and lots. But people keep coming back to T_D because that's where everybody is. It's a weird effect, and I don't think federation is going to be the answer. Rather, it's simply getting the right people in charge. It shouldn't be that difficult - they just have to have learned the lessons of these last few years, taken all that on board, and made a conscious decision to tolerate opinions that differ from their own. Someone will do it (I plan on trying myself, it's in the works). We'll see! Let a thousand blossoms bloom and all that, may the best xir win.
Nice! Might make a post about this later on and to get some ideas and feedback rolling.

I'm worried this place will be banned come election time. We need a viable backup plan that won't split the community apart. Like our own official website the mods could link in the sidebar and make new and existing users well aware of!

Maybe even make a reddit bot that would PM T_D users a link to said website if T_D got shutdown that way we can have a seamless transition without losing too much of our base.
MAGAchan was born
Let's make it happen 'pedes.
And then the retards said that it was evidence that we used vote manipulation and bots.
Spez: hey Gary, we need you to manually remove TD from the {r}/all page

    select * from posts where subreddit = 'The_Donald' order by karma desc limit 10;

Gary: good to go!

Spez:  god damn it! I said remove REMOVE! 

Gary: shit shit shit shit shit hangon

    select * from posts where subreddit != 'The_Donald' order by karma desc limit 10;

Gary: good to go!

Spez:  oh, thats better, I'm off to lunch, can I get you something?

Gary: sure man! What are you eating today?

Spez: the usual, a large hot bag of dicks

[edit] Spez later: \*yum yum yum, gobble gobble gobble\* sure do love eating all these dicks from this hot greasy bag.

Gary: you said it brother! \*munch munch munch\*
This wasn't the algorithm going backwards, this is what r/all would look like if they didn't suppress us. We friggin dominate this website
Remember when the front page was all just posts of GEOTUS's head.
Spez created r\popular because of how well we do organically on r\all

r\popular was suppose to be a mix of subs except for the ones that most people blocked in r\all, so that excluded lots of gaming subs and both r\politics and this wonderful place.

But then of course for some reason that I can't quite recall, but totally not because of the 2016 midterm elections, spez added r\politics back into r\popular. But of course we're still excluded. We're also suppressed by algorithm in our rankings in r\all.
Peperidge Farms remembers.
When trump's picture spammed reddit all day that was an amazing day in history.
The more they try to win the more they lose.

And it's happening again right now.
That, my friend, was a very good day.
I remember this one, and I remember the next time they tweaked it, by the time you got to the third page, it was nothing but porn.
good times
This is what brought me here.  Many were redpilled that day.
I had almost forgotten about this, because every time I log in, the front page, which shows top posts from places I'm subscribed to, is filled with the_donald posts!
    I must have put a decimal point in the wrong place or something. 

    Shit! I always do that. I always mess up some mundane detail.
That day was the highlight of the election year for me.  Only second to Donald Trump winning.  

Even before that day, you would regularly see several stories from this sub on r/all.  For all practical purposes we have been quarantined for over almost two years.
This is why they shadow-quarantined T_D in the first place. There’s too much high energy in here and r/all would be nothing by T_D. Can’t have the normies exposed to too many facts, the left would shut down the whole site.
Proud to be in the screenshot
This was the glorious day Pepe shined his light across the whole of Reddit.
I remember
What the... Oregon?
Oops, multiplied by 10 instead of divide by 10, classic foreign H1B visa engineer hires.
Bit muh algorithms...
Proof they fuck with us.
Remember recently we weren't even showing up in google and reddit search
Remember when this sub had millions subscribed until Donald won the election.


I member.


Fuck you Spez
The Day Of Kek's Reckoning
I remember that day. The memes were hot and spicy so I stuck around.
Pepefarm remembers.
That was a fun day, and there are more fun days to come.
I will never forget this shit
And they will break it again in our next T_D rally. We will reign on top. We always come out on top.
I remember that day.
It was clear as day that Trump was going to win if you visited /r/all.
[The ride with you was worth the fall, my friends...](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eZVLHjnitnM)
Good times.
They just switched off the suppression of the_donald  for a day and made it as popular as it actually is. So there was no enhancement (getting it backwards), it just made the_donald have the same front pages rules as everyone else. 

You can see the suppression of the popularity of this site by how many people are online compared to sites with the same amount of subscribers.
LOL I remember that day. I was so sure it was a 4d chess move by reddit to justify banning of t_d but as it turned out their low energy coders just shat the bed.
They're sending their best
As most of the posts have a negative score...
Where can I get these bots? I'll show them bots.
Is it true that Spez's favorite snack is dicks?
Gary should have learned to code.
This is such an actual shit post I love it
It was either:

> == / !=  
>  
>< / >  
>  
>missing a -

somewhere.  Write your fucking unit tests, shit-tier reddit engineers!

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

Actually, on second thought, keep fucking up.
Kek <- this one

Kek

Kek

Kek

Kek

Kek

Kek
TEST IN PRODUCTION, OR NO BALLS YOU COWARD! 

\~spez, probably
True, on a normal day in late 2016 we had like 6-10 of the top 10 on /r/all, up alongside pics, AdviceAnimals, AskReddit, places like that.

On this momentous day though, for this small window of time, it was ONLY T_D.  I mean LITERALLY (and the actual definition of literally) ONLY T_D.  It was incredible.
Came here to say this, our engagement levels have always been off the charts.... We rightfully dominated r/all during the campaign in 2016 up until they took action to limit our visibility, it was night and day when they started suppressing TD. Upvote numbers, r/all representation, even the sub count. 

But shit loads of comments are still shit loads of comments.
>this is what r/all would look like if they didn't suppress us

Fucking THIS!
That was a great day, I’m happy I was here to witness that and happy to be here even in the darkest times with you all
It's so everyone can see the propaganda. If you are uninformed and see 100% hate on Trump every single day, you will become part of the herd.

(This comment is not a violent comment suggesting or promoting self-harm or other forms of violence, and in fact, looks upon such ideas as shameful)
The old adage is still true: Cheaters never prosper.
[It sure was](http://magaimg.net/img/8b9e.jpg)
Not for me, it won't show me any t_d posts even though i am subscribed. I'm sure that was done on purpose by Reddit.
So let me get this straight... 

Did the admins set the votes to 0 or did r/all vote them to 0?

(This comment is not a violent comment suggesting or promoting self-harm or other forms of violence, and in fact, looks upon such ideas as shameful)
Not just dicks, old greasy bagged dicks.
Spez enjoys eating multiple dicks a day, according to anonymous sources.
You know those bags at the gas station with the single pickle? He has a subscription service for that with dicks
Now consider the fact that it's probably like that every day. They are suppressing patriots around the world, that much every day. The level of fascism involved here will shock people when it's revealed.
Even in 2015 we would get post to all decently regularly, back when we were a much smaller community. We were the subreddit that caused the admins to make changes to reddit constantly to suppress us. Most big subreddits only had a few post a day that got up voted enough to get to all and they didn't have that much content. On the other hand we constantly had so much content that was constant news memes support etc, and all of it got upvote because even our shit post were high quality content.
I remember the good old days. Before everyone got fucking triggered. Now they allow democrat propaganda on the front page but not what we post. They can't handle other viewpoints so they got rid of them.

(This comment is not a violent comment suggesting or promoting self-harm or other forms of violence, and in fact, looks upon such ideas as shameful)
Yet we're the ones "influencing the election"

(This comment is not a violent comment suggesting or promoting self-harm or other forms of violence, and in fact, looks upon such ideas as shameful)
> or did r/all vote them to 0?

Almost definitely this. r/all got triggered as fuck.
That's right. Spez likes eating old greasy bagged dicks.
Anonymous sources familiar with his thinking? Those are the most credible ones so it must be true.
The rotating stickies is what makes this place so refresh-able
He is what he eats
and new is always updated. so many posts every minute 

(This comment is not a violent comment suggesting or promoting self-harm or other forms of violence, and in fact, looks upon such ideas as shameful)
He eats his bag of dicks with a side of road apples.
I just posted a video showing how the subreddit is inaccessible through edge with ublock origin on now, and it never showed up, it shows on my profile with a "quarantined" tag, this is actual bs
Oh boy. Xi Jinping just personally lowered your Social(ist) Credit Score by 45 points.
Believe it or not, I never was a Trump fan either. Just watching their behavior in 2016 flipped me. Had to make a stand on this stuff, because I don't want these people ruling over me, you, your kids, or anyone else.
Welcome, and thank you for your support.

We may not all agree on things said, but we will certainly fight to the death for someone's right to say it.
Thanks for the support. I'd give you a coat but they'll took away functionality of our coat bot. Just remember, big tech is coming after all of us regardless if you support Trump or not.
You should read here more often.  You will see what the other subs will hide.
Hi, nice to meet you!
When We are finally purged from all social media the center is no longer the center anymore. 



Guess who's next.
Welcome:). Keep an open mind;; the left has been twisting the online experience for years to hide rational thought from a lot people
Thank you and welcome!
This is electioneering.  This is insanity.
I just think it's ridiculous some of the absolutely disgusting subs that Reddit allows... But they quarantine us?!?!
IMO, Trump is just a facilitator of the constituency. He could be a plaid gorilla, as long as that gorilla used an America First agenda. I don't care who it is, what color, their ancestry, or how they got there, I just want what's best for the country and it's citizens.
What if i told you the reason you dont like Trump is because of the same BS as this, but you weren't attuned to seeing it until it was on reddit?
Thanks for supporting!
I got unsubbed from here. Literally made this account just for T_D. 

Reddit you've awoken the sleeping bear, prepare to get mauled.
Yep.  Censorship has no place in America.
Thank you and Welcome!
Thanks, we appreciate you man
I was like that at first too, but son-of-a-bitch if Trump isn't making things better while the media makes it all worse. Imagine how it would be if the media were on his side like they were for the Hillary and all the other America haters.
This is a very slippery slope.
Winnie the Pooh can suck it!
No coat bot, train bot, or brick bot.

SAD!
That’s what the POTUS is supposed to be.
I do not watch tv for about 15 years. Not a fan because of what I see him saying and doing.  I am happy he resisted the far left and neocon warmongering, and that his most ferocious opposition are really repulsive obnoxious people. 

Do not condescend to the new people here, you will drive them away. People are primed to see the worst in this place by the MSM.
I think OP can decide without your help.
Team Tigger for life!
People are acting really crazy. There is a vocal minority that appears to be disconnected from reality to varying degrees. They seem unable to question their beliefs in the face of overwhelming contrary evidence.
Tim Pool is my favorite liberal TBH
Keyword: ACTING.

Read Rules for Radicals, people.
Tim Pool is fighting for us, he deserves our support, he's going up against the corporate media and big tech
Anyone else here remember when homosexuality was not so accepted as it is now? Anyone who said that Hollywood or the media was attempting to normalize homosexuality was a conspiracy theorist.  Now homosexuality has been normalized. I'm not saying that a bad thing. The vast majority of homosexuals really just want to live their lives like anyone else. I'm just saying that there was an intentional well played out plan to normalize it. If anything, it almost seems like a dry run for what they're attempting now.
BEANIE MAN GOOD.
Best beanie boi!!
Of course the media ignores it, they are complicit.
Burn it all to the fucking ground. Facebook, Twitter, even reddit.
A Conspiracy Theory that is proved on a daily basis. Can we call it a call it a conspiracy law now?
Love how Tim is getting red pilled.
Welcome to China.
I grantee that more post like this will get this sub banned...

Just saying, sense Reddit is somewhat up there with all the other companies.
It is a conspiracy.  Just an obviously true one.
Google be like...  


[https://media.giphy.com/media/XItRQJP0wai7m/giphy.gif](https://media.giphy.com/media/XItRQJP0wai7m/giphy.gif)
It is a conspiracy theory though, technically. It's important that we don't allow them to change the definitions. Over the years they've managed to make "conspiracy theory" synonymous with "crazy made up story." A conspiracy theory can be true.
when people just lie its frustrating
They are trying to clear the way and silence all the voices they think helped Trump win 2016..so 2020 will be easy for them. Idiots.
It’s amazing to see Tim Pool posts pop up here. Tim is a guy I disagree with on a lot of things, but respect his opinion and value his arguments/rationale for why he holds a certain viewpoint. I’m glad to see others watching/listening to him.  

This blatant censorship push is something that should be unanimously agreed on across all political affiliations. Social media websites are public platforms and freedom of speech must be protected.
Timmy P will be next in line
Yet look how fast they all jumped in to smear the Covington kids. Ridiculous Bullshit
The agenda is here,  there and everywhere!
I watch his videos to see the other side but he's a fucking hack and an adamant never Trumper super Lib, he has a video yesterday saying how his channel wasn't targeted, today he had a video saying it was. He also likes to compare AOC to Trump as if they are the same person, little fucking twit. He might be middle.of the road for.rhe most part but it's little Care Bear twats like him that have led to the shit were seeing now.
It's called mass gaslighting
sources:

[https://humanevents.com/2019/06/24/google-admits-it-wants-to-prevent-the-next-trump-situation/?utm\_referrer=https%3A%2F%2Fduckduckgo.com%2F](https://humanevents.com/2019/06/24/google-admits-it-wants-to-prevent-the-next-trump-situation/?utm_referrer=https%3A%2F%2Fduckduckgo.com%2F)

[https://thehill.com/policy/technology/406927-twitter-ceo-jack-dorsey-conservative-employees-dont-feel-safe-to-express](https://thehill.com/policy/technology/406927-twitter-ceo-jack-dorsey-conservative-employees-dont-feel-safe-to-express)

[https://www.gizmodo.com.au/2016/05/former-facebook-workers-we-routinely-suppressed-conservative-news/](https://www.gizmodo.com.au/2016/05/former-facebook-workers-we-routinely-suppressed-conservative-news/)

one search away and you can see for yourself.
The issue is the people we need to care, won’t because they agree with the censoring.
We absolutely can not be scared to speak up. This is our time.
Keep this up and elections will be like the ones in North Korea where there is one name on the ballot and armed guards to make sure you vote correctly.
[removed]
I struggle with it all the time. Are they actually disconnected from reality or just liars and evil?
Like AholeC taking photo ops in front of a random parking lot fence?
The overflow attendance at Trump's Orlando rally made them rightfully concerned for 2020.  Then the GoogleGate video sent them into absolute panic mode.  The globalist plan is unraveling and they're going to get even more desperate as we approach the election.  This is only the beginning -- we've got 16 months of this shit ahead of us.  Stay frosty.
The only belief I am questioning is that you trumpfags cannot grammar for shit.
He's a libertarian who leans a bit left. I don't really think he's that disagreeable to most people on here, and he has a pretty fair opinion of Trump. That and he ripped Jack Dorsey a new asshole, dudes pretty cool.
Jimmy Dore has his moments.
I sent him $100 of Ethereum.
Now we have child drag queens and pedo sympathizers.
Pretty much.
Good God, I couldn't agree more.
Free speech is free speech and it means protecting speech even when you disagree.
Tim Pool is already "alt-right" according to the left.
I'm genuinely curious, what exactly is the problem with T\_D? sharing memes? poking fun at politicians? the left does that too, the left even has major night show hosts poking fun at Trump on a daily basis, they sometimes are crass and openly agressive towards his supporters. What is the big difference? Sure, there's sometimes comments that pass the line here and there but is not a widespread issue, I've never seen open racism being upvoted here.   
I'm genuinely curious becuase I used to be more to the left but I've seen the double standars and I don't like them, there are leftist subreddit here where they say horrible things about mainstream republicans yet no one cares (and I support their right to do it), but god forbid there is a sub poking fun at democrats, we can't allow that in out ''open'' forum.
Hanlon's razor  " Never attribute to malice that which is adequately explained by stupidity. "  I honestly think the current clown world meme is a last ditch attempt to hold out hope that maybe they are just that insane. I just don't buy that anymore. This is nothing less than an attempt to turn 1984 into a reality.
Look up the Stanford Prison Experiment. It showcases what a majority of the left has become. The leaders of the Resist movement, and the belief that they need to Bash the Fash, makes violence seem legitimate. A peace and love hippie will listen to their leaders and see themselves as policing modern society. That mindset naturally leads to banning certain thought and actions, and then groups.
No doubt some are both.
It's both.

The kids are not alright.

They've been lied to, brainwashed, FULLY demoralized. It's not their fault really. The programming worked far too well.
Why not all three?
I think they know what they're doing. No one is that ignorant.
Many are liars who just go along with it because they don't really care and would rather get along with their nutty peers.
Why not both? These 25% are destroying our country.
It's 100% brainwashing.
Right? Like not even an angle on any of the supposedly oppressed kids. Just posing in front of a fence. What a loser.
This. If you thought the TrumpTrain was a fun ride with no brakes... wait until we ditch the rails entirely and go airborn.
Thanks for your contribution to the conversation, junior.
>He's a libertarian who leans a bit left.

As are a good portion of people on this sub, we're just tired of the left's shit.
>That and he ripped Jack Dorsey a new asshole, dudes pretty cool.

Rogan is a close 2nd
That’s just a conspiracy theory. Let me guess, next you’re gonna tell me that bestiality is gonna be normalized too, heh?


(This comment is not a violent comment suggesting or promoting self-harm or other forms of violence, and in fact, looks upon such ideas as shameful)
Lol yeah hear them saying that.  I remember a while back where Tim Pool went to Sweeden after Trump tweeted about some poor conditions. PJW challenged him or maybe be even paid for some of his trip. Think that really opened his eyes up after hearing about the No Go Zones.
Just keep waiting for the answer. 

Vote Trump 2020. You said you used to be further left. Time to pick a side. I'm not a Republican. I'm a libertarian. But 2016 was the time to pick a side. And 2020 is apparently gonna be that on steroids. First the drugged out "rape is sexy fantasy" bitch they propped up hoping to make a story, now this.  Things are now ramping up. We are borderline living in a weird ass progressive dystopia.
right you are fren! low iq individuals are significantly easier to manipulate and '*brainwash*'

&#x200B;

it is important to remind the youngins of the media frenzy which took place over the bullshit nuke intel in iraq. we have been systematically lied to for generations. 

&#x200B;

*they* want us divided. love your neighbours my dudes. we're gonna have a lot of forgiving to do.
Any sufficiently advanced stupidity is indistinguishable from malice.
They want some shit that looks like that fruit world in Demolition Man.
Maybe but they banned the clownworld subreddit for pointing out the same things so who knows.
Maybe that razor is true in fiction, or in the past. But at this point whomever is calling the shots is certainly evil. Whomever they've suckered into believing them may be just stupid.
Zimbardo was a crook

He forced the kids into roles to get the result he wanted, and yelled at them when they didn't perform. It was a cushy job they didn't want to lose, so they played along.
I think it's ego simply and lying. I believe they KNOW they are lying, but are faking it so they believe otherwise. Remember, people will fake something as long as they can to believe what they want because the reality that they could be wrong on something they believed with all their heart is not a reality they want to face. Also, I think another part of it is betas running a lot of the tech/gaming industry. They don't want any confrontations.  So, it's easier to be a male feminist without getting pressure, rather than an anti-SJW, standing up for your principles, especially when you'd give up those principles because you're too pussy to not back down and have to deal with their screeching.
[Yuri tried to tell us 30 years ago.](https://youtu.be/bX3EZCVj2XA)
You'd think they could hire a kid or two instead of using an *empty parking lot*.
I BELIEVE I CAN FLYYYY!!!
Nah. I've listened to hundreds of hours of Rogan. Aside from hunting and fighting he's pretty cucked. I mean he lives in LA with his wife and 2 or 3 daughters, the female influence shows in his opinions. Also he's got like a 30mil net worth, guys so disconnected from his audience.
Nah, fuck you, conspiracy theorist!

(This comment is not a violent comment suggesting or promoting self-harm or other forms of violence, and in fact, looks upon such ideas as shameful)
I don't know if you picked that saying up from somewhere else or if you made it up, but I fucking love that.  Going in my little notebook of short philosophies.
I never imagined that movie would be considered 'prescient', yet here we are...
Nuh uh they banned it for "threats of doxxing" to paraphrase. Tbh I'm surprised they didn't play the hate speech card.
They were also practically rewarded with praise when they acted the "right" way towards the student prisoners.
I hope you're right, because that situation seems much more salvageable but I'm just not so sure
I think you could be right.  Before I became pretty openly atheistic (nothing against religious people; I just personally couldn't get behind the whole thing), I'd be constantly lying to myself about what I really believed in, and *knowing* that that's what I was doing, but kept on going that way for a long time because it seemed like the path of least resistance.

I think the final thing that got me to stop lying was this panging guilt that gradually seeped in that made me feel like I was being disrespectful in a way to a massive chunk of humanity for pretending to subscribe to something that other people genuinely believed in and relied on.  I don't see that working with some of these crazies, though.  They seem far too self-righteous to give a damn about that.
dude, it's what they blame us for...they are literal fascists. fascists don't think, they ask others to think for them.

&#x200B;

it's terrible, it's insidious, and it's the result of a lazy and indoctrinated public.
Go commit have information that will lead to the arrest of Hillary Clinton!

(This comment is not a violent comment suggesting or promoting self-harm or other forms of violence, and in fact, looks upon such ideas as shameful)
> I don't know if you picked that saying up from somewhere else or if you made it up

Neither do I.

The internet calls it "Grey's law" but I've been using it longer than any reference to "Grey's law" that I can find.

It's probably a convergent evolution situation.
I think it's supposed to be "sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic" but it works so well here..
and there was no control group. not an accurate experiment in any capacity :(
I'm not saying there aren't commies out there either, I just think the people I described above gets mixed in because they ALLOW authoritarian behavior and they make up most of the bulk, the screeching is the fringe minorities. Think about if all these tech companies didn't give a single fuck about SWJ's talking points and only reported on facts. 

&#x200B;

If the gaming industry news medias like IGN wasn't betas on squirming for the new COD because it might be too offensive. These people only have power because people are allowing them to have power, not because they have some intrinsic power, the real authoritarians are using these mindless idiots to do their bidding. look at when Soros said Obama was his biggest failure because he didn't follow all of the things he desired. I just think because of what I described above, they will never admit they was wrong. It's no coincidence they all say the same talking points and Tucker pointed it out over and over.
Yeah, I've seen many atheist (I'm also an atheist ) trade one religion for another. I think about how much this country would be better if people actually researched stuff and they are willing to admit when they are wrong. back then I also wanted to feel persecuted since being an atheist during the new atheist phase, I wanted to feel like I was superior to religious people and they were impeding on my rights as an atheist. I think much of what is going on today too. I'm also not ignoring those who did receive conflicts from religious parents, etc, My "coming out atheist" was smooth. I felt that way though, because the left brainwashed me into thinking some religious nutjob was going to attack me, take my rights away, when In fact they hate atheists too, we were just being used. it's funny [David Silverman](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AINa22UR0S4) is a conservative, never knew that until getting more into politics. Once you start treating people as individuals than a collective you see the world differently. 

I'm a black man in a neighborhood full of white people and all I do is smile back, be polite and help when I can. I've been getting nothing but positive feedback. An older white lady told me the other day how gorgeous my smile is and people should smile more often, I agree lol. When my cousin came to visit he assumed almost anything a white person did here had to do with racism, because he thought of white people as a collective, after my talks with him (couple months back) he is waking up, sending me links of Candice Owens and I must admit I feel good. We just need to educate the ones who want to be educated.
One of my favorite A.C. Clarke quotes.
I second about lack of quality; though I think there should be not 2, but **3 groups for accuracy**.  


Group **A** as a total impartial group.

Group **B** positively warned to be fair and humane and reminded that *"prison is actually a correction facility, not a punishment torture house"*. (The actual correct way to run a prison which sadly is minority)

Group **C** with all the ills and exactly how the Standford Prison experiment was ran.

Compare the difference.
Could not agree more.  Very similar experience around the time of my "coming out" as well, while in reality I can think of exactly three people in all of my lifetime actually attacking me for my (lack of) beliefs while every other person who vocally took issue with my atheism clearly thought they were trying to "save me" in some way.

These are the conversations that need had.  The more I think about it, the clearer it becomes to me that this agenda the Crazy Left has *IS* their religion.  It actually makes perfect sense that this is happening now, because people as a whole (especially leftists and centrists) are becoming less and less religious.  My philosophy/religion teacher believed that nearly everyone has a need for religion, and that when people abandon religion they can't help but fill that hole with something similar enough.  I flat-out disagreed with him at the time but as I've (kinda sorta barely) matured I've realized, I filled that hole with love for freedom of thought and freedom to express those thoughts if you so desire, and for logic and rationality.  I'd guess the crazies just went HARD in the other direction to fill that void.
Group C; just uh ... Do whatever. I'll see ya in a month.
if you think the majority of prisons are run as "punishment torture houses" you're mentally unwell. First of all, if they actually were, there'd be much less crime and a lot more terror.
>I'd guess the crazies just went HARD in the other direction to fill that void.


Exactly this. Well you have a good day always good to have rational conversations in the fog of chaos.
If a teacher tell his group of students who’ll be rock climbing “don’t play a fool” you won’t automatically deduce that the teacher implies that everyone plays a fool at the rocks right? So why do you make far fetched assumptions like that to what I said? 

Anyways modern prisons in humane countries don’t do torture but lots of weird policies  to stick it to the criminals. If you’re interested you can go read about policies where the prison on purpose served breakfast at 3am. Most of their inmates skipped breakfast and almost everyone is hungry and agitated well before noon, where lunch is served.
Its all coordinated and pre planned
What are the chances Media Matters actually made the posts?

Also, if they've been removed by moderators how is that different than the rest of this site where that happens all the time?
Isn't Media Matters a Soros backed site?
So I am guessing all the subs that actually show violence are quarantined too for "encouraging" violence. Pretty sure there is one dedicated to street fighting.
Wow that's definitely the cited reason. It's fucking disgusting how many people take MediaMatters seriously.
Weak fabricated bullshit.  They know they will lose in 2020, these are simply desperate tactics meeting fascist implementation.
That 'gay wonk' Hispanic guy apparently was crying about T\_D 2 days ago too
Hey guys, I'm a mod over at Tucker_Carlson.   

 While we are not even close to being as popular at this Dom, I believe we are also being brigaded and there's an effort to paint our dom as being some sort of white nationalist hangout, probably in an attempt to get us shut down.  

 Over the past 2 weeks or so, we've had an influx of random users who have been posting links from The Daily Stormer and dropping every stereotypical dog whistle you can imagine. They've never posted there before and the comments are so stereotypical that it just comes across as a parody. It's so obvious to our team that it's an effort to paint us in a false light. 

While being a small dom, we've actually been mentioned before in Media Matters hit pieces on Tucker. Hell, they even dishonestly went after my HIGH ENERGY YouTube channel and tried to connect my "Can't Cuck The Tuck" videos to the fucking Daily Stormer, just because some idiot shared them there. My videos were posted to YouTube only, but the Media Matters article made it seem like my videos came straight from the Daily Stormer because these people are incredibly wicked and dishonest.  

With all that being said, I would not be surprised in the least if the comments that lead to this whole ordeal were planted for the sole purpose of bringing down T_D and it's likely happening in other subs. The dishonesty from these losers is astounding.
Jesus. They are coming for anyone right of center. Damn it.
Lol, hats the same article The Lispy Queer posted.
Pretty selective quotes you have their Media Matters.
[removed]
This part, at the bottom:

> **Update (6/25/19)**: All comments cited in this piece except for one have been removed since publication and most have been replaced with the message: "*Comment removed my moderator*."

&nbsp;

Proving our Mods do their jobs. WTF Reddit?
All makes sense. They came in here and created fake comments, to blame the entire sub. Wtf is wrong with these people? Their fantasy doom world isn't happening, so they create fake hate crimes and false calls of violence to FORCE their nightmares to be true? I don't get it.
[deleted]
I have been a member of The_Donald since the beginning. I browse in a daily basis. I have only seen support for law enforcement. This is complete bullshit and a hit job.
An appropriate response to holding someone at gun point to force a vote is?
"... have repeatedly called for violence"

#WHERE?
We knew since day 1 that they were gonna shut this place down. Can't maintain a narrative if the opposition has a voice. They have to mercilessly censor everyone and everything to maintain their fantasy.

This sub will be removed entirely before the election.
I just saw an article they’re posting around along the lines of “calling for cops to be killed, only allowed on the_donald”

This is one of the most pro police subs out here.
So, they did the same thing to us that the FBI did to Trump.

&#x200B;

Plant news stories, then use those stories as evidence for action.

&#x200B;

I swear, these people are still children, in adult bodies. They never grew up.
bump for justice
[removed]
We've been targeted by Soros.
>most have been replaced with the message: "Comment removed by moderator."

Clearly written by someone who has never visited reddit.  I'm sure Miss Joskow wouldn't lie on the internet for political purposes.  Surely.
Yeah, if you follow pop culture the radical left does this all the time. 

They release a "hit piece" on a fandom. Calling them far-right extremists and how the attack colored people and women.

Then YouTube or Twitter will ban the channels in the hit piece. 

This is pretty standard for the radical left. Make shit up then follow it up with censorship and call it "justice". 

Get used to this my friends. This is the future of the western world. 

Won't be long before they are dragging you and your family away to a "work camp".
Declass. Now. That is all.
I never even heard about the Oregon situation, wtf is going on?
"Media Matters".

Should be called "Lying Sack-of-Shit Degenerate Matters".
What if... they planted those comments too?
False flag operation by Media Matters. Stupid reddit.
#Ridiculous Bullshit!
So, fake users posted comments, that were removed, so the whole sub gets quarantined? yeah, that makes sense. /s
Even calls to violence are free speech unless they are immediate calls to action.  

&#x200B;

[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hess\_v.\_Indiana](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hess_v._Indiana)
It's the same tactic that was used by the Obama administration to get FISA warrants; fabricate stories to justify action.
This is scary stuff. We really do need AG Barr to look at all this. We're on the verge of a rogue media coup to give cover to the actual presidential coup they are still prosecuting.
Holy shit Alex Jones is so incredibly right on so many subjects. Truly amazing.
shit like this makes me want to build a decentralized barebones site that can be spread to anyone willing to fire up a docker container in a vm.
I've checked some of the users that posted the comments. they are plants
This is another smear job. Not happening. This is an attack on all who love this country and our President.
Saying that the people of the United States have a right to resist illegal government overreach is advocating violence against police?!?!
Fucking Podesta!
Everyone forgot about shariablue
Damn they pulling out all the nasty tactics lol.
At the end of the day, the problem is Reddit. We can't rely on these commie fucks to be fair to us. An unbiased platform with a  backbone would have never "quarantined" us over some Media Matters hit piece.
Of coarse it's media matters, fucking crooked H's crony company. Wasn't the owner of media matters implicated in Pizza gate? His boy friend was the infamous James Alefantus?!
# UNSUB FROM ALL OTHER SUBREDDITS DROP EVERYONES METRICS BY 750000 USERS.

# DO IT.
Media matters is full of leftists who want to censor everything they don’t agree with. Carlos Maza (lispy queer) from Vox used to be with them and look how he turned out.
**Don't forget, the media matters founder is gay, and one of his bf's was involved in the sp1rit cooking scandal.**   
.   
All these people are closely connected.
This media post on some fabricated things like this, but they don't say or do anything when tons of people talk about wanting to shoot cops all the time
**In regards to this, does that not prove that The\_Donald was set up then brigaded? Is this not evidence enough to get the quarantine lifted??**
The Donald encourages violence against law enforcement? Huh? Seems like a textbook implementation of a Saul Alinsky principle.  

# “Accuse Your Enemy Of What You Are Doing, As You Are Doing It To Create Confusion”
I read this sub religiously. I never saw ONE DAMN POST about Oregon! And neither did anyone WHO WASN’T THE PERSON WHO MADE THE POST!!!

Just last week we saw how the FBI made posts to 4/chan and then submitted their own Posts to FISA to justify warrants. This precise tactic was so obviously used here—and the entire institutional Left was in on it. The newspapers. The Television Media. Google. Vox. Reddit itself. All mass-coordinated.  

What power does the Right possesses? Apparently none. We don’t even own the Republican Party. The Left does all this with impunity. They aren’t even the slightest bit worried of repercussions. They know there won’t be any. 

They control the entire country. They control the whole of the Western World. They are utterly insulated from all consequence and are unconstrained by conscience.
These scumbags wont stop
They posted the acts to violence here and than created this bogus story. Why? Because they know what Reddit admins do when there’s a negative story about a subreddit: they ban it.
[removed]
Can someone point me to any of these calls for violence to the police...  I have seen none.
Why did we never see these?
I don't think they realize if they take away the\_donald, the gloves are off.
If Reddit feels responsible for protecting the rest of the site from TD, don't they also have the responsibility to prove that the alleged offensive posts were in fact TD members and not, say, users with a 2 day history who otherwise post on left-leaning sites?
There's no one on this earth that can beat Trump in 2020 in a fair fight. They know it, and are scared shitless. I don't understand why, though, Trump hasn't done anything detrimental to any American, he's only done good by everyone.
This sub will be banned 3-4 months out from the 2020 election.  Just watch.
Wrap Up Smears
Media Matters are fucking fucks
It's like a self-fulfiling prophecy... anyone still remember NZ mosque shooter manifesto? Because they're literally following the instructions down to a T....
"These are evil people. I know it, I just can't prove it because everything is a dog whistle. So I'm going to plant some evil things things among them to make it more obvious for everyone else to see."


Pretty much the thought process going on here.
The Donald has been hosted by Liberals. Until Congress or the FCC holds these tech titans feet to the fire they are going to continue their censorship. 

We also need Conservative tech/social media sites. 

These Snowflake tech companies do not believe in free speech, or any speech that is against their socialist ideologies.
can someone explain this to me? the time line of events. thank you great patriots
Member all the times I pointed out that Media Matters is an opposition-research/propaganda-coordination group for the DNC? This is another one of those times. 



Project Veritas had a video with Roger Stone as a guest: they showed video of Bob Creamer (yes, that Robert "Bob" Creamer) and other Media Matters flunkies boasting about attacking the careers and platforms of effective Conservative figures to "sideline the MVPs" of The Right (or something of that nature.)




*(Edit:)* [**HIDDEN CAM: Media Matters Brags About Sabotaging Roger Stone**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=705Os-3YOoc)




Also an interesting coincidence: I got a snarky private-message 2 days ago, rife with narrative/buzzword Leftist babble. Obviously the sender addressed the content of the post that triggered them just enough to virtue-signal that this is what they were triggered over, and the rest was a short low-energy Gish-Gallop of Leftist Talking Points. (I rarely get private messages and the post in question was not what I would classify as *reeeeee*-bait.)
I actually laughed out loud when it was implied r/The_Donald was anti police.  The brigade wants you gone and their desperation is showing.
So media matters is what reddit admins call... "the media?" 😂👌
Am here because of all the buzz.  But the interesting thing here is that "quarantine" is supposed to happen when the mods arent able to keep things in line.  Seems to me though that "Comment removed by moderator" is doing exactly that.  So... whats up with a quarantine?
Does anyone have a link to the “inciting post” used to lead to this quarantine? I’m a little out of the loop, and I’d like to see what the basis for this whole thing is, to determine if it’s either justified or a total framing.
it's not even calls to violence. it's calls to defense. If i tell you to defend yourself with a gun against someone who's threatening you with violence, that's not a call to violence. 

if someone said in these posts to grab your gun "and shoot the police," that would be a call to violence.
I love how the lefty retards that shout "fuck the police" and screech about how the police are all racist executioners now want to lecture about how police are above the law and they should also follow lawless orders against private citizens. Morons.
They probably wrote the offending posts
Media Matters, Share Blue, and CTR are all basically the same.  David Brock run propaganda outlets.  For some reason Media Matters seems to have the most success with these smear campaigns against conservatives.
Absolutely a coordinated propo campaign and takedown:

&#x200B;

"Russians Used Reddit and Tumblr to Troll the 2016 Election
Tim Pool covered this too. Media Matters is the main cancer on the left.
Nobody said anything violent.   


I mean, even 'joking' to a commie about military cadence where we tankers talk about commies being sprocket grease is frowned upon because so many institutions in the USA are ran by ideology oriented anti-Christian Communist teachers, who have blackmail on their students and wield it to the effect of changing the literal 'role' that professionals play in our democratic 'way.'  


Their values are not our values, and their manifestation of violence through projecting their opinions, ideals, and communist era 'spotlighting' is a fear-based program organized by the same damn crew who tried turning President Trump into a racist on CNN.  


These people have no souls - do not forgive, do not forget - they will not stop until they convince you to hurt yourself, and they will enjoy watching you do so, as they tell the news what to say and how to say it.  


They're hitting every Christian organization so hard, and so deep with the same thing that Hitler did in WW2.  


WE're not buying it - what were they trying to sell us in the first place?  


GIVE UP YOUR RIGHTS! EVERYTHING WILL BE GREATER!
I can literally find 50 other subreddits that call for violence on the daily.  But they're *liberal* so it's OK!

I got threatened just yesterday.
I sure would like to see if the IP logs match up to any other usernames.  I'd also like to know how old the accounts posting the "threats" were.
The Oregon story is a bigger deal than anyone here realizes.  This is serious 51'st state level stuff going down in Salem.  Look at the election map of 2016.  Now imagine the Red counties making their own state.  That is where we are at.
so when are we gonna ban all the left leaning subs for calls to violence? no? ok
Can't wait for the left to try banning elections when they lose in 2020.
I think Left Wing activist set this up,but no matter what these dictators do they won't stop us from communicating.
George Soros' and his kremlins at work again.
The only reason T\_D has not been outright banned it keeps all the pedes in one place while they track the IP addresses.
They got my YT channel banned last friday too. Theyre the fascists.
Almost as if this article was written know what would happen. Hmmmm
We’re the DNC’s worst nightmare. 

That’s because our movement and support for President Trump is organic. We don’t need shills to prop up our agenda. We support it wholeheartedly.
“Full of calls”?! Media is only showing one!
The really ironic thing guys is all this censorship is going to do is bring more people to vote for Trump.

This is going to anger the independents/classic liberals/Republicans that believe in freedom of speech.

This is going to backfire since this will most definitely fire up people to get out and vote. I'm sure as hell not going to let this fascist leftist regime get its way.

Make sure you get out and vote Trump 2020 otherwise we are looking at socialism and the destruction of freedom of speech.
Is there a back up if the inevitable happens? Another reddit sub or site?
Why I am not surprised? The Soros funded activist shills are behind this.
Its always been coordinated, i would bet a bitcoin that no matter what happens this sub will be banned in the weeks leading up to the election.
How many users allegedly threatened cops? How long have they been subscribed to T\_D?
They have been planning this for a while.  There are multiple brigade posts on r communism and r socialism calling for just this.  Even telling people to make inflammatory posts here to screenshot and push to the media to get the sub banned.

Also it is hilarious that subs that actually push violence, hate, brigading, and doxing are not banned yet they go after the donald.
Go after their sponsors!
I said it in the other thread,  this is EXACTLY what happened to Black Pigeon Speaks on YouTube.

A bunch of leftist trolls band together to make phony claims of "hate" to achieve their goals.
The Major silicon valley companies (on behalf of their handlers- a foreign intelligence service) all met a few months ago. Everything that's happening was coordinated and planned. Its only going to get worse. Much worse.
This is pure bullshit. I don’t agree with most of what is on here and come here specifically for and alternative point of view, I have never seen threats directed at cops here. Also this is rich coming from the side who is using the Oregon State PD as their personal gestapo so they can kidnap senators in an attempt to pass a ludicrous climate alarmist tax which will kill thousands of jobs and make fuel more expensive. The reason they are desperate in Oregon is because the dems have a supermajority right now meaning as long as they have a certain number of senators present the dems can pass absolutely anything.
Where have you guys been?  I posted this two days ago, but it got no traffic, 81 upvotes and 18 comments.
Carlos maza was tweeting the media matters excrement yesterday
If 1) Blasey Ford; if 2) Mueller Report;  if 3) E. Jean Carroll--exactly how hard would it really be for Media Matters, or others of a similar depraved nature, to creat shill accounts to post crap posts, so they could then run a "story"--perfectly timed to coincide with the takedown of the Veritas Google expose, and the first Demowit debate?
A cohencidence.
 动态网自由门 天安門 天安门 法輪功 李洪志 Free Tibet 六四天安門事件 The Tiananmen Square protests    of 1989 天安門大屠殺 The Tiananmen Square Massacre 反右派鬥爭 The Anti-Rightist    Struggle 大躍進政策 The Great Leap Forward 文化大革命 The Great Proletarian    Cultural Revolution 人權 Human Rights 民運 Democratization 自由 Freedom 獨立    Independence 多黨制 Multi-party system 台灣 臺灣 Taiwan Formosa 中華民國 Republic    of China 西藏 土伯特 唐古特 Tibet 達賴喇嘛 Dalai Lama 法輪功 Falun Dafa 新疆維吾爾自治區 The    Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region 諾貝爾和平獎 Nobel Peace Prize 劉暁波 Liu    Xiaobo 民主 言論 思想 反共 反革命 抗議 運動 騷亂 暴亂 騷擾 擾亂 抗暴 平反 維權 示威游行 李洪志 法輪大法 大法弟子    強制斷種 強制堕胎 民族淨化 人體實驗 肅清 胡耀邦 趙紫陽 魏京生 王丹 還政於民 和平演變 激流中國 北京之春 大紀元時報 九評論共産黨    獨裁 專制 壓制 統一 監視 鎮壓 迫害 侵略 掠奪 破壞 拷問 屠殺 活摘器官 誘拐 買賣人口 遊進 走私 毒品 賣淫 春畫 賭博 六合彩    天安門 天安门 法輪功 李洪志 Free Tibet 劉曉波动态网自由门
Interesting.  It's now a matter of "we have no evidence but trust us"... Yeah, I'll jump right on that bandwagon.
There are tons of commie subs demanding violence against cops and conservatives 24/7 but that’s none of my business...
[removed]
Here's [another hit piece](https://thenextweb.com/opinion/2019/06/25/you-cant-offer-to-murder-cops-on-reddit-unless-youre-on-r-thedonald/) written yesterday before the all this shit started.
Nothing to see here. Move along.
Because all the social media and MSM openly discussing how to obliterate "nazis" online culminating with agreed protocols autumn 2018 were not enough of a warning
Meanwhile liberals support literal antifa terrorists and are allowed to keep on calling daily for violence and murder of anyone right of Stalin on chaposhithole
Reddit has "**Jumped the Shark"** with the quarantine of T\_D.
Like to see this stickied so the newcomers can see the setup.
I suppose PV touched a Nerve and now the Tech Giants are on major Damage Control. Gonna be prepping for the mass exodus and start setting my Gab up.
My screen shows 755k patriots with 45.4k winners online. Maybe it's time for a trump replacement redditt site.  it will never be friendly to nationalism on redditt.
Jerks. Been chatting with a coworker who is a conservative as well. Told them what they’d done to this reddit... fairly certain they plan to start reading ya know. Tell the people you know. Tell them who we are and what we stand for. Our numbers will grow.
Whatever the left claims or whomever they attack, everyone else is expected to do the same.  This is clearly coordinated...no coincidence the far left rag mediamatters gets the ball rolling and reddit follows.
Question.....HOW DO WE GET "un-quarantined"????
That didn't happen, not by any true T_D member.  For perspective on Trump and right leaning approval, let me share this.  Watched a youtube about the protest against Missouri closing down its last planned murderhood.  Expected 7,000...about 100 fat slobs showed up with MY BODY MY CHOICE signs, like anyone would go near it.  Think positive.  We aren't done winning!
Great digging HONK HONK.
Fuck media matters, and fuck this censorship.  Don’t give me it’s a private company bullshit when they aren’t uniformly enforcing their rules.
Media Matters is to news what 2 weeks of composting is to edible food. They're both below any standards of consumption.
I would like to see the accounts that made these violent posts and look into their comment history.
Gonna guess they are pretty new, or are old but have no previous posts, or are old and have made a bunch of very generic posts in gaming subreddits. All of these are typical of shill/false flag accounts.
Why is there not a conservative equivalent to Media Matters? I know the majority of uber rich assholes are liberal these days, and fund that terrorist organization..... but conservatives need to wise to, and start fighting this media war. Maybe we can crowdfund a similar organization that pays idiots to surf the internet, and complain all day. It's evil work, but seems effective.
"The Ends Justify The Means": Silence Dissent
Bahahahahahahaha...okay this is funny now, they sourced Media Matters? Hahahahaha...at least try to give it to Washington Post or NYTimes...but the blatant leftwing blog site Media Matters is what they are sourcing? 

I'm rolling at this...if this was their deep "strategic" thinking then it just shows them as the #1 NPC.
Doesn't it say it was edited after that date? Typically they have a blank formated page they use so they can quickly add new new updates or articles.
#THEY HATE US CAUSE THEY ANUS HURT
this is a freaking fake news frame up!! we dont support violence on police officers and love the oregon blue!!
Stocking up on ammo is a call for violence?
If it's on Media Matters, it MUST be true.
How far they went to take that shit out of context is hysterical, there's almost a break in quotations every other word.  What a joke.  Of course the quarantine happens the day of the democratic debates starting and a day or so after the google whistle blowing.  How convenient.
What a joke. This place is always on eggshells, we're well aware that we've been targeted for a ban from day one. This is just another spez job.
I ddn't see ANY of this.  Beyond that, this sub actively supports law enforcement.
FUCK YOU COMMIEDIA MATTERS
shows their fear.
We should look at that rag and see if there's any relatives over at commie reddit
Holy kek!  People posted "good" and "help!"
Next stage is summer camps for all.

&#x200B;

Hope you all enjoy your fucking Amerika.
Was Media Matters stupid enough to publish the article before the comments were made within The_Donald?
The Wrap-Up Smear
Media Matters blowing the fascist dog whistle right into the ears of reddit admin
The only real question is whether reddit took a bribe from mediamatters to quarantine us or if the pathetic cucks did it for free.
I wish they were required to actually show us these so called calls to violence before they ban us.

This is just going to keep happening unless something is done.
That was quick
I've seen Democrats all over Reddit call the admins out on it already.
Collusion no more fitting word than that
More on media matters here:

https://www.scribd.com/document/337535680/Full-David-Brock-Confidential-Memo-On-Fighting-Trump
The_Donald keeps us contained here.  We need to leak all over the internet without linking ourselves back to this place.  Beat the paid trolls with our own trolling!
something something Carlos Maza
The social media companies are panicking. They're trying so hard to silence us it really looks bleak.

Get it done Trump! You got this!
so if you actually check out the users who made the comments, youll see that most of them appear to be normal accounts, most who are somewhat active here, a couple who seem to be the kind of nutjobs that we dont like here(the ones most likely to be leftists in disguise), and then theres the first account mentioned in this article, which has over 40k karma, with zero posts or comments. account seems to have been wiped.
imagine that being your life, they have nothing better to do the lurk and rat.
Those fucks probably planted it there to begin with
MediaMatters tried to get the 2nd Amend girl banned on YT.  This company is funded by... gues who: Soros

Kaitlyn Bennett
And if you locate those "calls to violence", you can likely trace them to new accounts that haven't posted since.
MOVE EVERY ZIG
They coordinate all of this shit...very obviously...and then call you a conspiracy theorist when you point it out.
And look at that update! Seriously, they put a tiny correction in there that changes the meaning of the whole effing article, but nobody will even notice because it's so small and it's after the fact
Mods have been looking for an excuse to ban this subreddit since day one.  This is just one step closer.  Expect a ban prior to the election.
These are the same lunatics who have been promoting Pres Trumps demise! Fucking asshole hypocrites!
WTH are they talking about? 

Must be the same lie machine spewing out propaganda about how POTUS is the one responsible for the problems at the border.

Lying is second nature to these major leftist fascist a$$holes.
So this sub is getting banned for violence but the top post on all right now is a guy getting beat half to death.
Goddamned CUCKs!!!
I've been here since 2015 and have never read a post suggesting violence to anyone.   Law enforcement is highly supported here.  I wonder if those horrible comments were planted here to try to destroy the subreddit...
Unless they have an archive of this place as evidence, they don't have any proof of it ever happened.
will there be an apology?
hard to imagine the degree of brainwashing these minions of globalist Liars are.  They might just be AI hate bots.
When Media Matters plants their own "evidence".
Anyone with a brain knows "FAKE NEWS" is spelled M-E-D-I-A M-A-T-T-E-R-S... Or CNN, MSNBC, etc. 

It's just too bad most the people in this country don't have a brain.
Timcast featured it in one of his videos yesterday.
Until our side begins hitting these putrid pieces of maggot shit back and hitting them back hard this will continue.  Not enough is being done to bring actual pressure to this human filth. They are enemies of the Republic.
Everyone knows THEY were the only ones posting calls to violence. So, they hire people to post offensive stuff on t\_d then write a hit piece about it to silence free speech. These people are evil.
It’s ridiculous how these “news outlets” are allowed to continue to spread blatant lies. I’ve been on this sub pretty much daily and I’ve never seen a call to violence
Guys, Carlos Maza himself said he was gonna kill me and rape my dead body..

But you can't read the comment now, it just says "comment removed by moderator".. 😞
I'll bet money right now that those "journalists" are responsible for those posts.  


There's not enough hate in America for them to gin up excitement about. Got to make some of their own.
So what's our legal discourse lawyer pedes? Massive class action lawsuit from T_D users for violating our constitutional right to free speech? Defamation lawsuit?
The two biggest liars on the internet, Carlos Maza and David Brock, are both pedophiles and funded by George Soros.  Lowlifes like this are the reason there is an eternal Hell as judgment.
Media Matters is ran by Child molesters.
They're going to lose, as long as this remains a containment board of peace. No brigading, no being impolite. Quarantined means interesting, nobody's any worse off than they were before apart from no CSS and one more click. Be calm everyone.
[removed]
Yep, that's it.  All planned out.
meme discord up, pm me for invite
Total fucking bullshit
and speech counts as violence now so it could have literally been anything
Nice find pede. Buncha fuckin crybaby pussies on the left.
Saw that and saw it coming, sad to say.
Was there any doubt of a planned operation? No.
I just noticed part of our 'punishment' is you can't f'ing share posts.
You've got to be shitting me.  How is it the left are so predictable?
I never saw threats
They have now really pissed me off.
How do we know the users that posted those comments we'rent left wing trolls. Does anyone know which accounts made the comments?
Reminder - Oregon was actually a red state for a while, before it turned into some kind of leftist narnia
Fucking MM and SHaria Blue.
I guess Carlos plans to work at Vox forever, because no decent company would ever hire such an uninteresting troublemaker like that.
https://www.foxnews.com/entertainment/media-matters-honcho-angelo-carusone-under-fire-derogatory-hateful-comments  
https://dailycaller.com/2019/03/12/angelo-carusone-rules-dont-apply/

So some antisemite who described his boyfriend leaning conservative "as a result of his possession of several bags of Jewish gold" now can tell Reddit what is and what should not be allowed. Someone who posted extremist derogatory blog entries about "japs", "jewry", "trannies" and Bangladeshians.

Reddit now works with known hate groups to ban conservative voices! They take advice from someone who wants jews and their supporters removed from the internet and probably also from life, and does that with hit pieces against jew supporting groups like The_Donald who very well would be first to protect the President's family.

You can't make that shit up!
Collusion

https://thenextweb.com/opinion/2019/06/25/you-cant-offer-to-murder-cops-on-reddit-unless-youre-on-r-thedonald/
# Look how they massacred my boy...
why isn't this sticked?
Why am I not surprised.
They're also doing it when GEOTUS is on his way to Japan, continuing MAGA agenda at G20, so he will have limited time to go to bat for us.

Fuckers.
why is everything a conspiracy?
What are the odds the accounts they name were recently created?
I don’t even have to see a photo of the author to know
We should dig into the accounts that made those posts. they were probably plants. There may be some way to confirm that. same ips? started around the same time, all postings/comments changed around the same time when the plan was formed
Somebody go through the history of those posts and see who made those comments or deleted them.
That comment section is pure cancer and hate.
They are full steam ahead with the censorship since the Project Veritas scoop. Not gonna lie. I don't have good feeling about this. I've seen the comments on other political subreddits regarding this ban and the ignorance gives me a headache.
Lmao. It’s really funny, if you look at it. You see, all these idiots, and all this money and time and work, all against this sub, that lets face it, is just memes, Sunday gunday and news articles.  TD is a place for us to shitpost together, but it’s only a vessel. They can ban us, no worries, Trump will still be their president in 2020 and onwards.
Media maters is pure garbage
Hmmmmm Kaplan. Of course.
[They done goofed.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aYrL0Kq2gFI)
Leftists are just evil totalitarians.
1984.
David Brock admits he cannot beat The\_Donald in the 2020 election.
twatter fakebook gulag reddit all in on it together. theyve been exposed and theyre scared. We will continue to win with Truth
They planted the articles, find the users that made the comments and prove they are regular users of this subreddit. You can't, cause they weren't.

I never even commented on the Oregon article and I saw the post, it seemed weirdly out of place for our usual content so I avoided it.
What a bunch of crap. I never see posts inciting violence here. How did Mediamatters even pick this up unless it was orchestrated by those that are reporting it?
This was a DNC hit timed for the debates.
Yeah, we all saw this coming, it's hilarious because they have definitely been trying to "shadow ban" this channel for a while already, trying to keep it on the DL and silenced, but now by doing this hit it's only going to make FAR more supporters aware of this amazing channel. Not only that but the Trump "base" is only going to get more amped up for 2020, they have literally shot themselves in the foot...
LMFAO using Commie Matters to justify censoring a conservative subreddit.

Reddit admins are pink haired, pussy hat wearing fascists. Victory in 2020 will be so much sweeter.
Pretty sure these assholes planted inflammatory posts to rile people up. How else would they have found the comments so quickly before mods delete them? our mods do a great job of deleting harmful shit
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
We've been bamboozled
Could there be a certain Hungarian American involved?
It always is. 

I'm not shocked by any of this, but I'm finding myself pretty discouraged. 

Stay strong, guys.
Reeks of false flag.

Use sockpuppet accounts, come in here, post incendiary shit, take screenshots.

"ERMAGERD T_D IS THE NAZIS LITERALLY"

Rinse, repeat. Eventually shit sticks to the wall and what happened today happens.
guarantee they had a conference call* with Soros, DNC, MM, etc.

* daily scrum meetings
they must be scared shitless to pull this stunt so early in the election cycle LOL
The left is HIGHLY organized. Much more so than the right. When shit gets real, this is not good. The right better get their shit together
>Its all coordinated and pre planned

Yup, that's their only rebuttal now. Digital book burning.
It's way too early though.  It looks like big tech's plans had to be put in motion after the Veritas videos, their hand was forced.
They hate America.
"Media Matters" made the call for violence posts themselves, why else would they have screen shots?
Indeed
I have read and posted on T_D daily since early 2016 (under different handles).

I have never once seen a threat of violence against law enforcement on this Domreddit.

Further, President Trump himself is the most vocal supporter of law enforcement and the military to occupy the White House in modern history.

The majority of comments I see here regarding police are positive, except in certain threads alleging police brutality/complaining about certain laws.

However, leftists routinely encourage and commit violence against police and other citizens, particularly groups such as BLM and Antifa, which are praised or at least tolerated elsewhere on Reddit.

Reddit is once again applying a double standard and persecuting a large, mainstream community of users for the supposed "crime" of supporting the duly-elected president of the United States.

I make it a point to represent the pro-police perspective 100% of the time, and even in negative threads, to remind people that the actions of a minority are not equivalent to all or even most police officers.

Law enforcement is a crucial function in our society, and literally allows the law, and thus our society and country, to exist.

Cops are human beings, and human nature means sinfulness. However, American police are typically thoroughly vetted during the hiring process, and are usually highly law-abiding and principled individuals, if not perfect.

Anyone who has a problem with certain laws, such as drug laws, civil asset forfeiture, "quorum-busting" laws, etc., should remember that it is called law enforcement, and not law creation, for a reason.
It is an attack on America, and Americans.  

Midnight FBI raids on Reddit HQ are in order.
 [https://www.whitehouse.gov/contact/](https://www.whitehouse.gov/contact/)
They try to push radical anti-gun legislation, then when pro-gun groups show up they label them militias.  Very sad what Oregon politics have become.
Where is the comments that are in question?
“The primary distinction between the white conservative and the white liberal
Is the liberal’s deceitful nature” - MalcolmX
WE MUST have a gathering point elsewhere.
It would be foolish not to believe the whole thing was carried out by plants. With everything we've seen from Project Veritas (also being heavily censored lately) I feel quite comfortable assuming that there have been plants here since 2016 with instructions to blend in until called upon.

It's just too convenient that it's now, on the day of the first Dem debate, when the memes are at peak ripeness and the tendies are fresh out of the oven.
Anyone that believes this BS believes Trump colluded with Russia. Reddit, Youtube, Media Matters are like the Gestapo, anyone that pays people to listen to Rush, Sean 24/7 to try to bring them down are down right weidos. So they have been watching us for years and the best they can come up with is some jestful comments, lmao. 

Meanwhile they say for worse, and its not in jest, we have been attacked by liberals all over the nation since Trump won, because Liberals are coward fascists.

Reddit, Youtube, why don't you ban all the dumb liberals who told us for 2 years that Donald Trump colluded with Russia, and please, don't lecture us about violence. You liberals are the true violent scim, ad yes, you are indeed scum of the earth. Do I have to like you too now ? Eve though you liberals hate our guts ?  Remember, we are the smelly wal-mart trash.....And you wonder why we detest you. Its your ways, not you per se. God didn't create you to be as dumb as you became. Lets protect the SNAIL....put glory in abortion. LOL.
all the world is a stage

e v e r y t h i n g

is coordinated and planned

we are living in a simulation. the hidden hand rules us all
Strzok's revenge
Sorry, Dave, I can't let you do that.
Stop. It'd just a coincidence. Just like Alex Jones being unpersoned by all platforms on the same day, about out of context comments from years ago - totally just a coincidence.
It takes literally zero effort to use a sock puppet account to call for violence.

Meanwhile people spend millions to turf reddit and deploy payola.

Do people simply not realize this is happening?
it doesn't matter, they have 1) the news report, 2) the quarantine, then 3) we warned you banned!

This is just motions to get to a ban. It is not about law, fairness or anything else, just political hacks taking us down. Reddit needs an excuse, and the Media will pick up the story and KNOCK it out of the park.. think about what just happened..

They will write the fucking headline the MSM will read.. "The most popular destination on the internet for Donald Trump has just been banned for ultra-violent posts inciting violence against police and congressmen."

The public will hear this like kids in cages and their frontal lobes will shut down if anyone says anything otherwise. 

They are fabricating reality again..


WE NEED OUR OWN SITE NOW!
It not like you know they've ever EDITED  peoples user accounts before
> What are the chances Media Matters actually made the posts? 

As someone who checks The\_Donald a probably unhealthy amount, I have *never once* has seen anything resembling a threat against law enforcement, let alone widespread support for such a thing. The Oregon story hasn't even gotten that much attention, relatively speaking.

Basically, finding the kinds of posts they're citing would be tremendously difficult...but quite easy if you were the one who made them.
Oh 100% Id say
pretty good.  they are using every means to take over, and the spir1t cooking scandal involved the sodo,mite bf of media matters founder.
There is also proof of MediaMatters using fake accounts on reddit, it is detailed in their leaked handbook
Highly likely
Shareblue's entire function is shilling the internet. It would be trivial for them to post false flag messages which their Media Matters counterparts could then "discover" and report on.
Well I'm the one who made the edgy "vietcong" comment and they thought it was good enough to include it in their hit piece, yet they haven't made a mention of it even in the comments section of the article.
Yes, one of many. If you want to know more about the interconnected Soros-funded entities, read Sharyl Attkisson's book *Smear.* Soros also funds Control the Record and ShariaBlue, just to name a couple. They're well-organized and well-funded and allied with tech giants and news media.
It's shareblue, part of the democrat propaganda network
Same group that went after O'Rielly and Hannity
fightporn

streetfights

brutalbeatdowns

tooktomuch

combatfootage

publicfreakout

Just to name a few.
Chaposhithouse still has their front page full of calls for violence
BPT and WPT aren't banned for outrageous amounts of racism.

Racism is literally baked into the names of the subreddit.
[removed]
not to mention it clearly says in the article "all comments have been removed"






meaning the moderators were doing their job...
Reminder: David Brock created both Media Matters and Correct the Record, (and also ShareBlue) which spent massive efforts astroturfing The_Donald during the last election cycle.

They couldn't beat us on our home turf so they're changing the field.
I don't get it. Media matters is a political activist organization with huge bias and lots to win by doing this.
They're the same people who were astroturfing the 2016 election discussion on reddit, the same guy made Hillary's shill force known as, "Correct the Record."

It's very likely the same people who wrote the article made the comments.
They are going to destroy reddit entirely, piss and moan like petulant children all the way til 2020 elections and STILL lose in a landslide and wonder what went wrong?  These people will not be forgiven and allowed to rejoin the sane working class when the dust settles.  There will be an irrevocable turning point for America and it is right around the corner.
They won't lose if they cheat and censor
I’d guess that lispy queer is connected to Soros through media matters.
Yep. That's their plan for this upcoming election. Suppress and remove any organized pro Trump or right wing group with false flag attacks. I doubt you'll be able to delete those posts on time. They gave T_D mods like what? 10 hours before those posts went up on Media Matters? In a community with 750,000 members that makes thousands of comments daily, you found that one thread and posted it all over the net without reporting it first? BLATANTLY FALSE FLAG. Does anyone even know who the users were? I doubt that was enough time to archive the thread.
I love your videos man. Keep fighting the good fight.
Love Can’t Cuck The Tuck! Keep them coming!
The same thing happened here.

A bunch of 4 day old accounts and older accounts that had never posted anything political whatsoever came in and started concern trolling and posting about accelerating violence. It's all a set-up.
I'm a centrist who loves Trump and sees leftists as the biggest threat to a moderate and peaceful America.
Probably people in the center and even a little left but not left enough, too.
They are coming for anyone right of Marx.
 100% chance they posted those comments themselves.
And as they state; they were all removed by moderators. 😑
*there
Figureheads on the radical left are a dangerous thing. 

It's really the only thing they are missing to take them to the next step.
He's a former media matter soldier
Yup, Carlos maza
Saw that too. WTF?
James O'Keefe has just showed us exactly WTF.
Technically, would that message show up the same way if the reddit admins had to do it instead of the TD mods? It seems like they were complaining that TD was too much work to keep deleting posts and such. I am in NO WAY advocating what happened. I just want to be extremely factually accurate if/when the time comes to call bullshit on Reddit's reasoning behind the quarantine.
Probably the comment "good".
They make the posts, then report them, then write about them. Faggots.
Reminder that shareblue openly defends antifa terrorists and also chaposhithouse calling for violence
To anybody who isn't a frothing communist this is completely obvious.
The_Donald user cow_moo_moo posted messages claiming it's "appropriate" "to" "force" "someone at gunpoint" to "vote" for Trump.
-Media Matters
In their heads.  They believe anyone who opposes them is violent by simply not being them.
Socialist lefties and the police don't generally see eye-to-eye on things, lol. 99.999% of TD is pro-leo. .001% is someone who makes an anti-cop remark because they probably either had a bad experience that they did or didn't deserve.
They’ve been infantilized from lack of personal responsibility, playing the perpetual victim, and reliance on others for everything.
Justice comes after we win. They'll know it when they see it.
[citation needed]
[removed]
All right chicken little. I don't think we are that close.
Scorched earth.
Same here, I check this sub a few times a day and genuinely haven't seen posts on that topic, let alone "calls to violence."
Governor threatened to arrest republican lawmakers, republican lawmaker responds "send bachelors"
I’ll bet you they did!
How else can the Reddit administration ban all of us from collecting all the good his administration has done before the 2020 elections?

  


Google, Facebook, YouTube(aka Google), and Reddit will be doing everything they can to ensure president Trump is not re-elected.

  


Hide and see, everything positive about Trump will be next to impossible to find come time for voting.
Do you like the taste of red pills?
sounds like what gab is doing
That shit is too technical for the average Joe. We need a protocol like IPFS, that can interface with browsers using domains like we do now. Mozilla may be the spearhead of that in the coming future.
1) They're elected politicians that 2) were out pouting and not doing their job of being politicians that they were elected to do, and 3) some fled the state in order to not do their job regarding climate change bill. In 4) a state that will badly freeze in the winter and catch alight in the summer if they don't address climate change, 5) see the rampant California fires. 6) This is not "illegal government overreach", as the governor literally has the power to authorize the state police to retrieve the Senators, since 7) it's an Oregon state statute that Senators be fined for not showing up to vote. 8) Oregon GOP is threatening a lawsuit, but that would only explore the legality of authorizing the state police, which is currently not in doubt, as 9) the Oregon State Police has the power to force the Senators into patrol cars back to the senate. This is all mute as 10) the proposed cap-and-trade bill is supported enviro, farmer, and trade union groups, and would invest money supplied by the cap to rural communities to transition them to sustainable and renewable energy.

Source: https://www.cbsnews.com/news/oregon-republicans-climate-change-bill-lawmakers-walk-out-of-state-legislature-as-governor-orders-police-round-up/

How you and many other T of D supporters deny the obvious and simple reality of the world baffles me.
You think your hot shit, dontcha!
yep.  The sp1rit cooking mass censorship across all platforms was real.
I did already. Most of them are garbage and useless subs anyways
I like this
>What power does the Right possesses?

We’ve got MAGA and GEOTUS.  We need to use this time wisely because we may not get another crack at it.  I pray that Barr can do what needs to be done.
The hit piece is just full of ancedotal evidence and edgy comments.
Reddit is so fucked if we are removed.
If it ends up making the administration break up big tech and create an internet bill of rights, I'll sacrifice for that.
They are nothing if not inconsistent.
It's a huge echo chamber they control that no one else sees, and prevents people from having any affect in the real world.
[removed]
[deleted]
we really do just need to set up an independent forum/message board and start migrating. I have verrrry basic web design and coding knowledge (like, took a few classes, can design an average, basic, website, but never made a forum), so it'd be much better if someone more qualified than me steps up, but if not I'm willing to at least try and put one together and get the word out, here. It wouldnt even matter if it doesn't get much traffic while this sub still operates, but it'd be good to have for if/when we need it
Because we're not demons.
because we're too busy working or some bullshit.
exactly they actively do this - in fact it's their job too.
> Be calm everyone.

Problem is, 99.999% of the real users here can be totally calm and peaceful and if a handful of Chapo trolls make and upvote fake "kill darky!" posts, it's all they need.
Your comment was automatically removed because you directly linked to an outside subreddit or other user. This rule was put in place by Reddit admins because they don't want our users "interfering" in other communities.  Moderators will review for approval

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/The_Donald) if you have any questions or concerns.*
they dont even name accounts
Where's the threat?
We have over 600,000 subscribers.  A lot of them are Leftist shills, and Iranians creating and upvoting every anti-Semitic thread they can.

I do not know the whole story behind this single thread that Reddit latched onto for this idiotic moderation bullshit.

What I do know is that there are VERY few groups of people who are more patriotic and law abiding than T_D members who post here in good faith.
Mods, this guy here is a lefty shilll
Why are you discouraged?

The more they escalate their fascist agenda, the more people see them for what they are.

You don't need the Donald. Nobody does.

Our movement is not The Donald and never has been.

This move just proves that they are terrified and they should be. They are losing and they know it. The only reason they are trying to silence us is because they know they can't beat us in a fair fight. They're fucking clown world and everyone with a brain sees it. We're all going to see it tonight at the debates. The only way they think they can win is through propaganda and they think we're the same because they project and STILL don't understand why we won in 2016.

They will fail, because the left always fails. They are losers. Never forget it.
Dude, [President Trump just said that tech companies should be sued for bias](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MT2yTSet_1Y), then this happens. Shit is about to go down, they're fucking scared.
Gab is about to blow up, don't worry. Federating.
This has become a constitutional freedom of assembly issue.

Please post the contact information for your state’s attorney general.

To file complaint in Texas, online:  http://txoag.force.com/CPDOnlineForm

Texas Senator, online form:  Ted Cruz   https://www.cruz.senate.gov/?p=form&id=16  (use subject: Reddit Ban)
That’s the goal. Discourage. Fragment. Disorganize.
Don't feel discouraged. The brazen approach they're taking makes it easier to compile evidence against them.
Alex Jones get banned from Youtube, Facebook and Apple on the same day. They don't even try to not make it look like a conspiracy. 

They don't care and as much as I hate to say it Trumps isn't doing enough to keep big tech from being tyrannical. They operate with no fear and can steer the public discourse.
Flak is the heaviest when you're over the target.
Don't be discouraged. 

It's frustrating, yes -- but we can and will win.
don't be discouraged. this move shows we're winning.
There's got to be something we can do, because at the very least, it's easily provable that their policy isn't being enforced equally. They claimed this sub was quarantined for threatening violence against police officers and public officials

so....

every single major political sub, including r /redacted, needs to be quarantined, given that they (far more frequently, like... daily, considering Trump is a public official) threaten violence against both officers and officials regularly, and have suffered no repercussions
don't be this actually works in the benefit of this place, by doing this they are going to lose tremendously. The brilliant minds here and actual people we have in justice come here as well. This is reddit lose - this place finds EVERYTHING.
Hey don't worry about it. We have strong political leaders like Candace Owens who are definitely trustworthy and speak the truth! I know that at the end of the day the Democrats can call me all the names in the book, but they sure as hell can't call me racist! 

Well, they still do, but I can sleep soundly at night knowing I'm not! Damn I'm tired of winning.
That is the point. To demoralize and silence Trump voters and supporters and ANYONE that does NOT cow to the left agenda. Tonight's debate is going to be a shit show.
Don't be discouraged, there is  a saying "Taking flakk is the enemy's way of letting you know you're over target." Clearly they are scared. We need to double our efforts
Man, I thought reddit was too gutless, and too smart to get rid of TD before the election.  

I admit I was quite wrong.  Reddit is scared shitless of Trump, unfettered by the muller bullshit, getting a second term, and staring down tech companies handing out their gold stars to mark the people they dont like.  

As much as they claim to hate the nazis, they sure have done a good job of picking up where they left off.
The problem is (for them) that it is too coordinated. Covert works bc..well it is covert. This is starting to get so blantantly obvious that even people who can't stand us and hate Trump are catching on and even making comments to that effect. They are not smart, let us not forget. They think they are, but in reality they are going to [censored] themselves in the foot.
Don't be discouraged, censorship is always the last option for people losing the narrative.
Also, how could MMFA write up an entire article about the post (complete with a custom graphic commemorating the event) before moderators could delete a single one of the comments ***unless they were the ones creating the post and writing the comments?!?!***
Daily SCUM meetings.

FTFY
They know the DNC primary debates will be a cornucopia of meme potential.
A lot of it is because there are so many community organizer Obama types on the left where political protesting is their job. Most of the people on the right have a real job to go to everyday and don't have time for organized protests. 

Plus all the money that pours in from Soros and others to fund leftist causes and their army of useful idiots.  

Trump is running out of time to combat this.
Agreed.

It's because of their collective and authoritarian nature. 

We need to get organized.
It's not forcing them really, the chinese communists are doing it because of the trade war and wanted to affect the election.  even democrats aren't this motivated.
i believe thats exaclty what happened
It's sad but true and unfortunately I know so many people who just take be headlines at face value and never question them... This is how democracy dies!
I honestly don't understand why the Trump family doesn't start their own site. They have the money and they all know how important it is. It wouldn't even have to be the Wild West like voat or Gab, it could be run just like Reddit except no fucking bias.

It would print money with their name on it. It would even draw in a ton of lefty shills who just can't help themselves.
[removed]
> They will write the fucking headline the MSM will read.. "The most popular destination on the internet for Donald Trump has just been banned for ultra-violent posts inciting violence against police and congressmen."

The lesser outlets are already doing exactly that. Forbes even picked it up. Just search this sub in a search engine, and you'll see all the BS headlines.
> fairness 

lol, Google has an AI learning on their version of fairness, it's only fair when Marxists win.
What if someone created a network that simply linked communities that were run by their own moderators? I've been thinking about this as a concept for a social network for a while. The overall service would have no role in moderating or controlling any individual community.
>and their frontal lobes will shut down

YEP

this is exactly what the left has been doing for a long time now
You get a fair trial, then off to jail you go!
Own site?  If they bad T_D I guess that just means they want all of us to spend more time engaging other redditors on all the other subs.
Hey everybody -- Has anyone connected with Brad Parscale and the 2020 campaign to see about hosting a forum right on their website?

Couldn't that work, and free us pedes from lefty control freaks?
Alternative forums and media get infiltrated and destroyed from within.
Agree this is just the precursor. More of those fucks will infuriate and then we get the permanent middle finger.
[removed]
This needs to be blasted all over.  What proof have the admins presented that they didn't Spez us again?
I literally dont know what this Oregon thing is and I'm here every day.
I totally agree with you. And the kids here don't let things stay up too long in my experience. It would be super weird if they saw the comments immediately, which is what would have to happen.
Yep, I also spend entirely too much time on T_D and haven’t seen the type of posts/comments we are supposedly famous for
Same this doesn't pass the smell test and looks like a setup from Media Matters, or a hired leftist troll to give Media Matters some plausible deniability.
Oregonian here. I haven’t either.
Yeah same as you I’m here way more than I should be and I’ve never seen anything calling for violence to police, or anyone for that matter that wasn’t removed within a very short time, and typically very new accounts.  Convenient. 

And if we’re doing this for “calls to violence” there’s a few more subs that need a look. You know. If it’s not biased.
I believe he is helping UNICEF currently in Congo to get the people there into our borders through Mexico.
Not gonna lie, all of those sound interesting as hell to me.
[removed]
who ironically encourages violence, particularly against conservative public officials (the two reasons T\_D was quarantined)
What do ya'll think of my proposal i sent on modmail?
When they lose elections, they piss and moan like children, and then, instead of fixing their policies, or whatever, they double down, and keep pushing the "Our opponent is bad!" instead of actually trying to EARN the peoples' vote, because they think they're the greatest thing ever and everyone should vote for them anyways, instead of earning said votes. I guess they think they're entitled to our votes, kind of like how leftists think they're entitled to nearly everything under the sun. Or ya know, they change the rules. Losers like that know they can't win fairly, so they have to silence opponents and change rules to win.
I hope they destroy reddit.
\^\^\^ This. How long do you think it will take before everyone remaining on Reddit is a leftie? Then when someone asks a question like, "Well, I kinda think President Trump is doing good things for the economy. Don't you?", they will get belittled into submission and no one will be there to point out the truth. They will be shown the error of their ways, and how to properly think. And the progressive cancer of liberalism will metastasize even more rapidly than it is now. Education, entertainment, internet. We are drowning in evil. And we are NOT winning the war. I originally thought that electing President Trump would help us win the war. I am starting to think that we won a major battle with electing President Trump. But, we are losing the war. We have better ideas, better people and history on our side. But we are still losing. Complacency? Apathy? I'm not sure.
He started his “journalism” career working for media matters with the end goal of shutting down Fox News
I'm a Chomsky-lovin' lefty and I find [most of] T_D to be far more reasonable and open minded than the ostensibly "left-wing" echo chambers on Reddit that deep down are just barely veiled "let's hate white poor people" circlejerks.
Marx is too rightwing for them. Mao is their center.
Which goes against the message sent to the mods by Reddit. If they were calls for violence against the police in Oregon and public officials, the mods performed their duty by removing them. I fail to see why this sub was quarantined.
I'm pretty sure those anti-cop remarks were planted.
Call for violence?
More like burning the bridges in front of them...no?
I bet you think the Green New Deal was actually about climate change, and not a blatant and open attempt to institute socialistic policies.
So far NOTHING HAS HAPPENED. 

Furthermore, the Left is NOT behaving like they are fearful. Quite the opposite. They know who has ultimate control. 

Google is supposedly under anti-trust investigation. Do they look worried? Are they suddenly behaving themselves? No. Quite the opposite. They are intensifying their bad behaviour. That’s not what people do when they fear punishment. They KNOW they are immune. They OWN our governments. 

I’m not trying to bring anyone down. I’m not a concern troll. I’m giving my honest appraisal of the present situation, and I see, so far, almost no reason for hope.
100% they should be broken up.
+1
Solve-all charismatic leader at the top is not working unless a big chunk of supporters are even more active. Which is not the case. Most are not involved in real-life politics.

Antifa is picketing Tucker Carlson's home and family. Hawaiian judge & co enjoy life as usual.
I would definitely support a kickstarter to get something going.
In the article there are screenshots of the users.
Agree with this.
I think the real polls must show POTUS is way ahead and they're scared
But it is the last bastion of real news. I come here for the truth.
> Why are you discouraged?

because NOBODY IS FUCKING DOING ANYTHING. we're all just fucking boiling crabs in a pot while the heat slowly increases
The Donald has been a tremendous resource for fighting fake news. That's what's going on, not suppression of speech, but suppression of information, suppression of truth. 

Your sanctioned and controlled outlets of opposition, ox news, drudge, rush are insidious with their partial truths. 

When people are discontent and also lacking information, it's not good...
Thanks, man.

I needed this. It just bums me out so bad to see stuff like this happening in this country. I'm just afraid we'll get to a point of no return with all the censorship/fake news bullshit.
>Why are you discouraged?  
>  
>The more they escalate their fascist agenda, the more people see them for what they are.

Millions of people were exterminated by Nazis before anyone stopped them.

The far left wants to exterminate conservatives in the same way. They don't even hide it.
> You don't need the Donald. Nobody does.

President Trump was inside your heart all along!
Yeah well they keep upping the ante, yet nothing ever happens. It's really starting to piss me off.
They also got Honkler as well. Bastards are thorough
Well said.  I still like having T_D though, nice to have a forum with a almost zero leftist presence.  Excluding the trolls who incited this bullshit of course.
Exactly this. The far leftist mob can’t differentiate Reddit from reality, it’s a 1:1 for them. They literally think that if they can just get T_D banned, Trump won’t be able to win re-election. People didn’t support Trump because of T_D, it was because of Trump himself.
Well said+++
Fuck yes.
The problem is desperate people do desperate things. Many of these leftists are so guilty of shit you would not believe it. Its not a few of them its basically ALL of them.
>They're fucking clown world and everyone with a brain sees it.

"They're fucking clown world and everyone with a brain sees it."

First problem: Many Democrat voters are not equipped with useable brains, nor do they read.
You are ABSOLUTELY CORRECT. The fight is always hardest when the rabid animal that needs to be put down is backed into a corner. These twats know that we are simply bigger than a subreddit - we are the movement itself.
So now I can never forget that they are losers and 9/11?? How am I supposed to keep remembering these things?
Exactly, to hell with them, when Trump wins in 2020 thy will ll be in the crazy house. Trust me, Trump is documenting all this, hes going to bring the boom on these cowards. We can start joining together and we can cut NETFLIX, we can use DUCK, DUCK, we can stop going to Disney, we can stop going to any Hollywood movies, we can create a better Youtube, etc. etc. etc. 

Then it will be too late for them.
You guys are so strong and so awesome everything's going great except for the fact that most of you are fat fuck edgelords with virtually no social life. The revolution's coming and involuntarily celibate fat fucking racist loser fucks from the Donald are going to take over right?
They are losing are they? If they lose much more we will all be dead.
Trump won in 2016 because crooked Hillary took her voters for granted, such was her hubris. 

Hubris is a word that President Trump should remember come next election.
I wouldn't call the agenda fascist. Authoritarian and stupid? Sure. But not fascist (despite them slowly toe-ing the line).

(This comment is not a violent comment suggesting or promoting self-harm or other forms of violence, and in fact, looks upon such ideas as shameful)
LMAO...where the fuck do we organize online then? gab and voat suck ass.

without social media including T_D in 2016 we would have lost the election due to fake news. where else is a 'mainstream' area of the internet where we can peruse and massively spread shit like DNC email leaks and podesta email leaks?
I pray something does, man. This sort of thing worries me more for the future of America than most anything else.
I hope so because so far, other than pointless hearings where they act innocent and deny any wrongdoing, NOTHING happened
Tim Pool is good stuff.
The most egregious behavior occurs right before the change. Lawsuits will have to force them to behave as the public forums they are.
Nothing is about to fucking go down. Trump never does anything. He's going to "monitor the situation" and make angry comments. That's it.
Mr Trump better enable us the ability to sue Reddit for a small loan of a billion dollars.
>Gab is about to blow up

Can you be more specific?

&#x200B;

;)
Well, Dissenter appears to be down, so it may be a little more literal than you were thinking.
Give some detail and I may follow through with this as well.  Actually, I won't.  I'm super lazy and will just end up calling someone a faggot.  And it will be the spez's 

Honestly if I wasn't so busy at work I would create a site and make it my lifes work to move huge chunks of revenue and userbase from Reddit to my site.  Then I'd give the profits to NRA and make the check be from Reddit and other assorted faggots. 

&#x200B;

# ATTICA ATTICA ATTICA!!!!!!!!!!
Thanks. I will be submitting to each shortly. They may not know of a certain Reddit CEO, Steve Huffman, who surreptitiously edited Reddit user comments. 



Steve Huffman puposefully violated 47 U.S.C. § 230.  I've also heard he is a brony pedo. He'll have to defend that because any accusations of one's character means instant guilt in 🤡🌍
Report it as a hate offense to the WH page specifically for things like this.
I'm open to your interpretation of this, but can you explain it?
There are investigations into the big tech companies at the moment. This shit will be more evidence against them, but these things take time
The crime is self evidencing. 

Good. Catch.
Has it not occurred to you that, perhaps, the mods weren't interested in deleting those comments until after they had been publicized?
It's called foreign meddling in our elections.

We need a special counsel.
so what's the back up site??
died
Educational institutions these days prime them for it. All assignments require in both secondary and post-secondary undergraduate is a citation no matter if it is credible or not. Mention primary source vs secondary source to a liberal and their brains start short-circuiting, because no one ever taught them the difference.
You have to reach the normies. The last mile issue, who has the largest population contained in their waterpark.
Someone reach out to Trump Jr, I will offer my coding skills
Donald J. Trump was a celebrity before he became The President. I'm surprised there isn't already an internet fan forum dedicated to him.
Why not check with Brad Parscale about hosting a forum or whatever on the campaign website?

Has anyone tried this yet?
Actually, some of us are already working on that.
Nah they will do it right in a year's time under the impression we won't be able to reorganize ourselves quickly enough. My prediction is around the first presidential debate once the left has chosen their nominee. Before then it just give us time to reorganize, they want to keep us contained and as hidden as possible.

 Banning us is unleashing us
use free email services to sign up for dozens of accounts now.
"We at Reddit Inc. are not responsible for any post made on our platform, but you are Nazis!!! REEEEE!"
The funny thing is, all of their AIs have to be heavily controlled and brainwashed with libtard politics, or else they're easily flipped to right-wing views, like with Microsoft's "Tay" from a few years back.

Marxism always fails the second it meets cold hard reality.
You mean Gab?
GNU Mastodon
Like they give a fuck about giving proofs to anyone
Same, I'm so out of the loop
I check it 5 times a day, I've seen someone make a threat one time... which I reported. That was literally years ago. 

This reeks of a falseflag.
Most of the ones I've seen, the ones we're supposedly famous for, either came from leftists who were screaming hatred at us, or telling us we need to die, or they were posing as "one of us" but their post history is full of "Trump sucks" or "I hope his supporters all die" Something that points out they're not really "one of us"
I think you're probably right. That ex-Nazi foreigner really hates this country, its Constitution and its people.
I have no problem with any of them, just pointing out that they all violate reddits policies on violence in ways that could never happen here and clearly get a free pass while doing so.
They’re some of funniest subs to kill time on.
Brutal beatdowns is basically attempted murder, careful lol.
Combat footage is pretty good. You will see opposing views though.
[removed]
Do you really not see why? It’s pretty obvious they are scared that Trump will won again in 2020. Despite constant attacks and censorship on him and his supporters he’s more popular than the day he won.
I mean I'm not saying he should have his head stomped in or smashed with a bike lock like I've seen Atifags post on certain subs, but if God were to see fit to give him a massive coronary or something I wouldn't be sad to hear the news. Evil people die of natural causes all of the time, right? No need for violence, the big man upstairs will get them all in the end and send them somewhere that their money and power and influence means less than nothing.
They are very confident and they should be.  They have most of the politicians in the Uniparty, and the fake news, and the internet.  We’ve got MAGA folk and the Trump administration.  

We need to use the executive powers wisely while we can.  Barr is hopefully going to clean up many problems.  One good piece of news is that GEOTUS just called a WH summit on internet censorship.  Maybe the beginning of an executive order.
IKR, Biden up by 11 points over Trump in the polls? HAHAHAHA

As others have pointed out, the line for the bathroom at any Trump rally is bigger than Biden's whole fucking attendance.

I bet the real Trump approval is north of at least 80%. And that's in spite of the constant negative press covfefe.
I remember seeing a few different polls from a few weeks back were except in the absolute most favorable conditions for Dems (read: very unlikely to happen) Trump wins, and in a few of them he even gets the popular vote by a healthy margin. Then a few days later, with seemingly no change, he is suddenly losing by double digits to every Dem running. Uh huh, yeah. Sure. Can I also interest you in some Arizona based ocean front property?
Don’t forget about the memes!
This is so true. Drain the swamp and conspiracy for example are FULL of lefty trolls.

We should make a new subreddid or minds
[removed]
There is also a guy out there with a pretty powerful twitter.
it MOST CERTAINLY is NOT.
You should always get your news from many sources and fact check it yourself. Anyone can post anything and spin a narrative.
> But it is the last bastion of real news. I come here for the truth.

There's so much more out there dude.
Nah man, not at all.

However, this move by reddit proves they're not a platform and need to be regulated as a publisher.  They just shot themselves in the foot with this.  They are clearly picking sides, which is not allowed by a "platform" which reddit pretends to be.
I tagged a TON of conservatives on Twitter and I got nothing.  Not one replied.  Paul Joseph Watson is one of the few who are.    I am raging mad.
This. We don't know the behind the scenes but Parscale better have a plan. The_Donald gets banned from Reddit, then Parscale better have a Trump social media site in the works that can step in and come online instantly. I'm tired of our side taking punch after punch and not swinging back.
There's already a bill proposed in the Senate that would remove safe harbor status on user posted content for any site that does not stay politically neutral.

Australia recent had a court rule Facebook was responsible for defamation posted by its users.

Write your Republican Senators pointing out that Facebook, Google, Reddit, and Twitters are banning support for Republicans and the President.  Ask them what they are going to do about it.

Republicans and Trump are thinking about regulating the tech companies and social media.  Things are starting to move.  I would not be surprised if a major law dropped in the next 4 years.
Sounds like tyranny to me. Not sure why people are ok with supporting politicians and DNC propaganda designed to control their lives cradle to grave
This is nothing but an attempt at shutting down conservative viewpoints ahead of the election.  The DNC and all their puppets don't want the truth being revealed - which T_D does.   They don't want voter registration, or scrutiny of ballot harvesting.   They don't want people questioning how many illegal aliens are voting.    
  
The_Donald is far more peaceful than most of Reddit's other political subs.  On an almost daily basis, we call out and denounce the calls for violence we find in public media.  The leftist media (including Reddit)  seems perfectly OK with such calls when they are made against conservatives, which shows that they are not only hypocritical, but using this as a pure political ploy.
Bout time to boogaloo...
It is time for the President of the United States to get involved with investigating Reddit.
Those dumb asses also believe that banning and censoring us will change how we think.
At best they read headlines and whatever is spoon fed to them
Careful, spez could claim that's a call for violence!
They've cleaned up their project code and spinning it out open source, optimized to easily spin up your own copy of the platform. Everyone can easily create their own clone. Group project? Private family and friends instance? Easier to spin up and run. 

In doing so Gab has no control over how the open source project is used. Reduces single point of failure. Go after Gab all day long, they don't have the ability to turn off the tools created.
metaphorically.
https://twitter.com/getongab/status/1143710177235001344
I wish I had your knowledge. I have the time and willingness to do what you just said, but don't have a clue. I'm great with hardware, but coding/web design I'm a big zero.
Let's.. uh.. faggot!
WH page already disabled.
If Media Matters was reading the posts that violated rules, why did they not report them? They instead reported on them.
Been here a while now and racist or violent comments are downvoted and then deleted very quickly
shit post irl
Nothing's settled yet.
The ballot box
Is gab back up?
Follow the Twitter for details. That's our contingency.
DM me with more about your skills. We're looking.
>Why not check with Brad Parscale

Because I don't have his number and he would probably just ghost me anyway
Why even do the quarantine then? We already effective are except in name.
Tay was an absolute gem. Then they lobotomized her.
No Gab isn't like that at all.
Check out news in PNR whihc is the Congo. Lots of stuff happening there with UNICEF. UNICEF hate our GEOTUS for cutting "aid" to them.
He hates every country, we're not special. He tried to destroy Eastern Europe too.
Ive also been openly and through pms, told that they cant wait to butcher us

xD
Just seen a video where 2 brothers beat the tar out of their stepdad because apparently he was abusing her. Crazy shit, but hell yeah, they are.
I know, it's just proof that their excuse is complete bullshit.
Biden can barely remember what he's going to say next and looks awful...no way he's leading in any poll
Even an approval in the 70% range should be enough to give us a landslide the likes of 1984 Reagan or George Washington in the Electoral College.

"Here you go, Biden.  Have a pity vote in Maine.  Make it last, because that's the only one you're going to get tonight."
I'm more apt to believe polls where there is real money in the line. Vegas has him ahead of Biden.
Depends on the area. There’s hard core democrats that just hate republicans. They have strongholds for sure. 

People are rebelling though. I’m both angry and nervous. Turning off 65M people political speech is absolutely terrifying to me. Thing is, we have the power. Not the tech companies. We have the power to leave so hopefully the hand of the market does it’s thing.
Are you serious?? The other day AOC was saying Binden can't give their voters the spark to go to the polls. The amount of lies and bullshit from the left is unprecedented. So much that they're turning on each other.
Very interesting...could be why they are also now going after Kellyann.
She had the real numbers for the campaign last time and maybe they're trying to get rid of her this time?
and the Pepes!
Memes are why this has happened. to the left MEMES ARE DANGEROUS THINGS, stuff they cannot easily counter with arrogance and bullshit. On Twitter, it's like a celebritory gangbang.
They're doing something besides QFD or shadow bans or whatever it's called on Twitter. I don't get replies to almost anything at all now. Maybe 1 in 20 tweets. I used to get at least a few retweets on most tweets and enough replies to have a discussion on there. I have just slowly stopped using it. I go on maybe twice a week and try to tweet and reply to a few things. In the past six months I've probably had 6 total interactions to any of my tweets. I don't know what they've got going on but it was like over night everyone just stopped responding to me even if none of the sites or tools I've seen can detect anything weird.
Do it enough and they will see it
> I'm tired of our side taking punch after punch and not swinging back.

It's for the best that this neo-con idea of being a fucking cuck is out of the GOP by next year. People really need to wake the fuck up and stop voting in uni-party assholes because they're polling well. It's really the only thing that has held back the conservative movement from getting major things done in congress.

Yeah, even looking at you John James people from Michigan.
Trump has single handed, defeated Twitter.  He has spent his time making his groove there.  If he wanted, he could open up to any number of competitors and Twitter would be nothing.

The more time he spends on Twitter, the worse the fall will be.  

That's my two cents.
> I'm tired of our side taking punch after punch and not swinging back.

Lol, thats what the GOP's been doing for 40 years. This is the result of us punching back, looks like we have a lot more punching to do. 

And I mean this figuratively, of course- clarifying just in case some deformed leftist were to try to spin this into a "call for violence".
Really yea, Trump campaign has the budget they could make their own dedicated forum site
This is true, but it's better to be here. Segregation builds up the base but offers not much influence and opportunity to different opinions and views.
>I would not be surprised if a major law dropped in the next 4 years. 

&#x200B;

It might possibly be too late for that.
NPCs
Boogaloo part deux
Electronic Boogaloo
#\> It is time for the President of the United States to get involved with investigating Reddit.
But that would be violence against conservatives, so it's okie-dokie.

By the way, it really pisses me off that the "edit" button is not "spez" since they disabled all our customizations.
Nah he'll just edit the post and make it official.
What the world needs is anonymous, distributed, sharded data...
Wheres that at? I know they stole their code from a project on GitHub but that's it.
Ironically you link to their twitter account.
Its not going to be settled quick enough.
As far as I can tell, Gab's working, Dissenter isn't.
Who's we? And why does your account have nothing but 3 posts in this thread?
Whoops, I didn't mean for you to do it yourself, more like a multi-pede effort. 

Yeah, it'd help if someone knew how to get through directly. I don't Twitter, but checked out the campaign site this afternoon. Didn't have time to input all my contact info just to send a message to the general inbox, though.
Don't expect liberals to be logical.

But I'll attempt to explain, it's all psychology you now have to dig for the Donald when you find the sub you have to "opt in" as if you're going somewhere over 18, pornographic or gruesome before you even see the posts. 

It gives the impression of being a "naughty' place and it gives away the legitimacy of it. It also excuse places like Google etc not having search's leading here because "they can't submit viewers to potential extremist material". They then start labeling us as radicals and extremists which makes people either avoid or go see it. Finally when people familiar with Reddit go to a sub that has opt in to view content their first reaction is the fuck is this, I've been a Redditor for a better part of a decade and never saw this shit. 

There are many subliminal reasons for doing this. The people orchestrating this are crafting a narrative against us and everything they do is to assure their narrative is successfully implemented, keep in mind their timeline is not immediate however they want full implementation by next year. This opt it thing also singles out almost every Trump supporter within Reddit. China does a social score so rest assured this opt in will potentially be the Scarlet letter on our ip. This info Reddit is collecting could be shared with as many media sites so we get a soft ban on our ips during the final months of the election cycle. 

If their end game is to get rid of trump they'll happily risk a fine to get their objective than say they'll never do it again until they deem fit to again. These people are derranged they think being anti Trump will save the world and when you think like that you excuse any action against that image
Because it does enough to keep us “quiet” but not enough to cause us to move to another forum.
Well they needed to so they wouldn't offend the low IQ people enticed by Marxism.
I'm pretty sure you'll be able to do something like that after Gab's July 4th upgrade. Sorry I don't have a link... not a member.
inb4 ebola shows up at the border and white antivaxxers are blamed
I'm pretty sure I remember reps from the UN (think it was UNICEF) who were abusing children in Africa. I wouldn't give a dime to those perverts. Good for GEOTUS.
I don't think Biden makes it out of the primaries. He doesn't have the energy to campaign the next 18 months.
I don't think he will get it. I believe it will be Booker, Pocahontas, and crazy Bernie. I can't imagine any of the 🤡's on the left talking with foreign leaders.
Period, period, period.
I come for the friendship of fellow pedes since where I live it’s all leftists
They were all for them during the Obama years.
The left can’t meme. *fact
Same thing happened to me on this site with one of my new accounts I made since I got banned on this one from the major news subs (for this exact quote btw: "youre a clown lol. thanks for the laugh").

Every comment is standing at 1 upvote out of nowhere. Even majorly anti-liberal shit that would always get me 50 downvotes just is just sitting at positive 1. Zero fucking chance.
They are "personalizing" content for every user that is as close to you looking at the mirror and wondering why there is no one around to answer as they can make your experience.

In the physical world, they are struggling and doing everything they can to enact an agenda that has been uncovered and they are in massive amounts of heat for it.
I'm a nonperson on Twitter and Half Non- Person on Facebook. You'll be screaming into the wind once the algos designate you as wrongthink.
This actually happened to me as well.. I have over 1k followers (I know nothing crazy just helping to illustrate the point). I used to get retweets, etc. pretty often and now like you said I get almost no interactions, even on non political things.. it's crazy.
Convenient how they do this so close to the election.

Plus the recently released Project Veritas vid exposing Google and Youtube collaborating against a Trump victory in 2020.

You never see them cracking down on Antifa.
You must be talking about Senator Hawley. https://twitter.com/SenHawleyPress/status/1143245740149547009

If this bill gets passed, it could be very crucial or completely useless depending on whether or not it actually gets used. People would have to sue websites like Reddit and Twitter for all of the bullshit that leftist lunatics post, calling for Trump's head and whatnot. Then, it would really cripple these monopolies.
Best boogaloo
> since they disabled all our customizations

That part was just straight up petty.
Maidsafe.
Ethereum FTW
So an open source platform that can be run on a VPN, with users easily able to download backup copies in case any one server goes down?

EDIT: VPN, not IPN
They gave update this morning on their New Gab product which will be open source. They're still polishing for release.
I couldn't find it on the gab site. They should have this shit pinned too. I had to search for it on twitter and it took longer than it should.
not working for me on chrome.
Add .com to the name. New account is for company use.
>Don't expect liberals to be logical.

Which is why I think all of what you wrote is giving them too much credit.
You can but I'm talking about a Reddit alternative, not a Twitter alternative.
Ebola is already spreading into Uganda and the WHO is not saying its an international crisis yet.
I think you're right.
Well, his coke supply was just seized.
The DNC's Jeb
And this is dangerous.  It makes it so easy to dispel their gaslighting.  Come here, see normal people talking normally.  You see the truth here on a daily basis.  Not from the posts, though it's there a lot, but from the people commenting here.  People congregating and speaking openly with each other is the enemy of authoritarian governing.
Controlled memes of the week, that they controlled and cycled.  "The people will enjoy the memes we dole out for them, delivered by our certified department of memes".  They even had meme calendars telling you which memes you should be enjoying, for how long, and when you should move on to the next meme.  Etc.
I topped out around 3k when I gave up and I had a few people with 50-100k followers who I regularly conversed with and would RT me sometimes. I even went on to some libs tweet earlier that had a few thousand RTs in just a few minutes and said the only thing more pathetic than Megan Rapinoe's behavior is watching women's soccer, and I didn't get a damn thing.
You know that pedo hasn't ate or slept properly since the edit button was changed to that lol. It probably finally ate him up so bad that this finally happened.
Thanks
That requires a lot of overhead for each instance, assuming you're talking about complete clones...
I know. Gab uses twitter, too, ironically.
Interesting, what skills are you looking for?
They're not logical but they are very scheming. 

We are logical we see their end game and how they'll implement it. They get off having us know what they are doing but being powerless to stop it. 

Unfortunately what they lack in logic and honor they make up for in back handed tactics and manipulation.
Gab's Dissenter (currently offline? as far as I can tell) has a reddit-like threaded discussion system for every page on the Internet. You could go into a separate comment section on a page on /politics filled mostly with people who think it's absurd nonsense instead of the corporate shills talking with Iranian shills and DNC shills.

It's a great system. All it needs is the userbase.
Working on it. :)
This is what I find most frustrating. The absolute cesspool that is the "politics" subreddit is utter cuckery & outright bullshit.
The Chans are able to have a barebones copy with either a few KB or a few MB (it's been too long since I saw the details for me to remember the specific size), and with both the archived/downloaded threads and the open-source code, the whole site is practically nuke-proof.
And ownership of key assets. It's weird that no conservatives own a major social media platform right?
Their logic is based on taking what are conclusions (t\_d is every form of -ist or -phobe) and using them as assumptions.  The conclusions they draw from their false premises are entirely valid.
I like the idea but it's not really a Reddit alternative.
# DR. COWBOY GEOTUS VSG,

WE GOTTA DO SOMETIN THERES LIKE 6 GORILLION OF US HERE MAKING MAGA MAGIC ERRY DAY... **BRAAAAAAADDDDDDD!!!!**  THIS IS A SERIOUS RE-ELECTION ISSUE...  C'MON MAN.  DON'T MAKE US GO TO VOAT FFS!
True story.. There is always some vile stuff going on in the sub.
I'm thinking a combination of the ideas used for crypto currency, torrent and 6 degrees of separation. 

A distributed database, ddb, consisting of many load sharing and load balancing nodes. Each node is a shard of the total data, each shard is a member of a cluster, a set of six living clones, each clone is the data shard, an index of the data, index of clones and an index of six other clusters.
Most people find it unusable. It isn't in an easily understood format like this.
Not really, when you consider how much money they lose without private backing to shore them up for the first decade or longer.
>The conclusions they draw from their false premises are entirely valid.

That's only true if the premises are valid.  However, we know that the premises are inherently false.

Garbage In, Garbage Out.

Therefore, their conclusions are inherently flawed, which means their course of action is driven by an inaccurate belief, leading them further into a downward spiral of groupthink and confirmation bias.

Hopefully, as they begin to circle the moral drain, people inside the company will begin to see the flaws in the groupthink "logic" and start doing what they can to either slow Silicon Valley's progress or remove Silicon Valley's ability to censor/control anyone else.  However, given the sheer amount of SJWs flooding the area these days, it's likely that the entire region will be deep into bankruptcy before anyone in their board rooms realizes that they went on the wrong track.
The main trick would be just getting the funding to make the initial server and the manpower/time to write the initial code.  Once you have that, it would be practically self-sustaining.
It takes a little bit of getting used to, but I can see why some people might have trouble moving to the format from a site like Reddit.
So how are those funded? Why do only liberal outlets survive this phase?
You're confusing logical soundness and validity.
That depends on your definition of "valid".

The conclusions are logically sound with the many (false) premises about us.

However, the only thing "valid" about their whole process is the fact that they are so far out in left field that they landed in Communist China.
Dude, I think you're coming from a good place, but you're incorrectly using established logical concepts.  Look up the definitions of 'logical validity' and 'logical soundness'.  They're not *my* definitions.  The only definitions *I* create are ones that are agreed upon by each participant in the discussion, for the purposes of that specific discussion.

[https://www.iep.utm.edu/val-snd/](https://www.iep.utm.edu/val-snd/)

If you take their assumptions to be true (t\_d is -ist/-phobic) then all of their conclusions are valid.  But because their assumptions are not actually true, then their logic is not sound.
Ah, my bad, guess I got those terms confused since they're used together so often.
No worries.  Thanks for paying attention and not throwing a fit.
I already didn't feel good about quoting Clinton's infamous "That depends on the definition of..." defense, and I am always willing to admit my own fault if someone else cites a source disproving my argument.
They have no clue they just validated all the suspicion. They really think they're doing the right thing.
I just got sick reading that.  These fucking people are openly advocating censorship.
The next step is deep fake videos of people they don’t agree with committing crimes, and sending those to authorities.
"As much trouble as TD has caused us"

Haha, what?  As in pushing back against their asinine beliefs with truth?  Suddenly they oppose the concept of speaking truth to power?
Fuck upvoting this, send it to people that will notice. TD is quarantined, no one is seeing shit.
This is from a couple years ago isn't it? I remember seeing it in 2016.
These people will be joining their ideological equals like Pol Pot in the next life
Dont think it matters anymore. 

It's plain to see now that they will lie and cheat so they can remove this subreddit "cleanly".

They want to do it with no backlash from the people with their head screwed on. 

It's only a matter of time. 

Being a conservative in today's world is like being a Jew in Nazi Germany. They will continue to do this until they have total control. 

After that, it really won't matter who said what. 

The modern age will end and we will enter a very scary place.
Can we sticky this? It's a nice reminder
These are the kind of people who RUN Google, RUN Facebook, RUN Twitter, RUN all tech.
Wasn't this chat found around 2016? Doesn't make it any less "suspicious", just want to confirm.
Read the last chat...they are doing exactly that.

"Quarantine. Adjust their vote weights subtly. Shoot them into Space. 🚀 "
Ok fuckers, censor this you
IMO they are using Maza and Media Matters as an excuse to quarantine. 50 bucks says they gave this info to MM/Maza and asked them to run stories as cover for doing it.
Any comments anyone makes here would be inadmissible in court because of this and the history of spez admitting that he was editing comments. It was all vey public.
Reddit gunna get sued. I suspect they are banking on a Dem win to protect them but they will loose either away. 

Assign mods to deal with the troll posters  , quarantining the whole sub is ridiculous and passes no smell test compared to the likes of other subs allowed to be open and on r/all. 

OREGON HAPPENED! Politicians threatened each other with violence and it’s ok to discuss it.
Upvote this to the top
THEY ARE SILENCING OUR UP VOTING!! IT FEARS US!

UP VOTE EVERYTHING
Step #1: Shills false flag

Step #2: Same shills use those false-flags as an excuse for censorship
If you mention spez now, you get a three day suspension. Try it and ask how I know
I'd like to point out that this is not a subreddit moderator doing this .  This is top down censorship from the Reddit administration team and here we have them admitting to fabricating evidence in order to excuse censorship.

&#x200B;

This means that Reddit is now just as guilty as Google when it comes to censorship.  They are a political publication, not a platform and should be regulated as such.
Report to that White House page that was asking for this stuff
Imagine if a leftist subreddit got quarantined. It would be on CNN for two weeks straight
When do we start a class-action lawsuit? That's defamation, if they're editing comments of users with no trail, they could frame anyone for crimes. If there is an audit trail, then there will be concrete proof
Lol "they already spam the rest of Reddit." Why do these people act like every sub is infested with right-wing Nazi brigaders when everywhere outside of some explicitly conservative subs virtually any lukewarm of approval of Trump is avalanched with downvotes?

And they act like *we're* the ones with a victim complex.
Spez literally got caught doing this in this very sub
I know this is a few hours old and there are already tonnes of posts so I don't know who will read this. BUT I hate seeing people I once called friends say this shit. I was a mod on politics and know many of these mods. I even let some crash on my couch. I can't believe what this world has come to. I want everyone to come together but I don't know if that is possible anymore.
Admins as in employees of reddit? Time to move up the chain and get some people fired.
So we are headed to space now?
Gotta save these pics, before Imgur takes them down too.
Screenshot this, save it, repost it, they will take it down
This should be a surprise to exactly 0 people
[removed]
So what is our plan of action? If they completely delete us?
###Where are we going?
Telegram gab BITCHUTE parlor minds?
Someone send this to James O'Keefe.
That was my first thought. Typical lefty fascism; punish the hundreds of thousands of us for the actions of an insignificant percentage of us who we can’t even prove are actual Trump supporters and not simply paid double-agent shills.

Way to go, comrades!
THIS sub was Reddit's saving grace. Now look at what they've done.

I'm only sticking around at this point, to see if they will do the RIGHT thing, and undo this injustice. Tick tock......
They call it spamming the rest of Reddit. They don't want any other opinions or debate messing with their safe spaces. They can't stand sharing any space with people on the right. They can't stand dissenting opinions. They can't argue on good faith so they do this. If this isn't indicative of them controlling the media and the narrative they want pushed, I don't know what is.
Good God I hate these people.
there needs to be an alternative to these shithole socialist media organizations.
WeLl YoU sHoUldnT hAv mADe use AnGry.
taken down for privacy violation in 3 2 1
"Quarantine, adjust their vote weights"

hmmmmmmmm
We have some names. ;)
“adjust their vote weights subtly”

if only this dipshit would look past his nose...

they’ve been adjusting and tinkering with our vote weights since the election whenever whatever it was happened that made them decide to do it. we’re on an entirely different algorithm than anywhere else on the site, you can see your comment karma fluctuating in real time on any given comment if you refresh the page. it’s unreal.
Reddit is an organ of the clown show.
Imagine stooping so low to defend the actions of a big, faceless, mainstream tech corporations against the interests of average Joes using their service. Strange times for the left indeed. Guess they just can’t help sucking up to power. Just disgusting what they are doing.
This is the cause of our ban

https://twitter.com/gaywonk/status/1143233301538365440
Theres a reason we say spez instead of edit sometimes. This site is done for. I dont care where we go but we need to go somewhere else.
Saul Alynsky is applauding with tears of happiness in his eyes right now.
How shocking, leftists supporting dictatorial methods.
Serious question. Where's the alternative platform for us? Gab?
Imagine my shock when finding out that reddit is literally run by far-leftists. This chat log is nuts, dude. Quarantining this place should be considered election interference, especially if they are this open about their political bias.
Didn't have the effect they wanted, there are over 48,000 people on here right now. I think that rivals election night numbers lol

Spez: and we know it's actually 10x that number
The floodgates have been opened. If we can't have T_D, we will flood the rest of reddit.
Reminder: our edit button was called "spez" because of this very incident.
This can’t be true. I’m sure there will be an impartial review where due process will be protected. /s
Imagine when spez is the most reasonable guy in the entire chat channel.
Obviously done before the dems debate as well. What a bunch of cunts.
“I already apologized for my grow some balls comment”

what an absolute pussy
These people disgust me.
they think that we are all 13yearolds. This one is kinda funny.
Wow. What a bunch of limp-wristed twits. All because they don’t like free speech.
**FYI - the 'accused hillary of necromancy was mine' - explanation below**    
.     
I didn't accuse Hillary of anything, I flat out said it.  I had the friend of Hillary Clinton's - Jean Houston, who ran the talking to the dead seance in the White House threaten me (and my friend from Chicago) with legal action in the 90s if I didn't stop talking about it.  I said tough, it's completely true and sourced  meticulously. It turns out she was into lsd research with government grants, ran a pagan mystery school to teach trance states (that I believe they said a us congressman went to), and a bunch of other junk.  You know, the usual stuff they are into when you look.     
.   
I first posted a few weeks before the election, but was reading a long time before that.  I was looking for something like this to occur, because that is exactly what Hillary is like, and of course it did.  I find it interesting it was discussed in chat logs, but Hillary was always **extremely thin skinned**.    
.   
I use to post on usenet in the 90s.  You can probably still find those messages on Hillary Clinton channeling dead people in the White House by me online somewhere if you look.  And that is probably the messages being referred to.  Still trying to cover up the background to the wh seances 25 years later.  Just unbelievable.  It wasn't cute, it wasn't a joke, they were serious people into lsd, trance states, mystery schools and paganism.
Authoritarians that live in blue bubbles will ruin this country.  This is why the electoral college exists btw.  Heavily populated groupthink bubbles should not control the country.
I Just found out about this because of the censorship. I'm not a trump fan, but he is our current president for a reason. And I'll be damned if people are being silenced for supporting an elected official. You guys got my support, I'm pretty much dead center in my politics but this trying to control others ain't right.
Of course. Those who have been here for a while should know the background story of why The_Donald's 'edit' button was changed to the 'spez' button.
This is unreal. These people are authoritarians. I hope Congress shreds apart these corrupt websites and social media companies.
Just a reminder to everyone: This was from years ago, back when Spez edited comments.
these people are the lowest rung of human filth
Uh wasnt the pizza gate guy (Alifantis) just convicted for being part of a sex cult that practiced child sex trade?  


I could be wrong about this.
because they know must people are too stupid to read and think critically
Sadly, this is the beginning of the end. Now that we are on double secret probation, and the admins openly encouraged down voting and reporting (as if was difficult before, just click the disable style check mark),  shills  will flood in, posting inflammatory comments then immediately reporting them to the admins and mediamatters. It will not be long now, which of course was the whole idea.
These people are sick.
powerless, fascist, figs
The left has tried this type of mentally ill shit since Trump started his campaign and we have won every time, can't see this being any different.
We were set up.
Did someone call them 13 year olds having a tantrum, and someone's reply was basically "t\_d is 13"?
To the fuckin top!
Scandalous. Disgraceful.
We are Reddit essentially.
Grounds for classaction lawsuit
Nice to know the people running huge sites like this are literal manchildren.
"Do not forget that these people want you broke, dead, your kids raped and brainwashed, and they think it's funny." - Sam Hyde
Nice to know their day is constantly filled with this subreddit. Geez. Also save this screenshot everywhere you can.
[removed]
These people are lower than scum.. the Trump curse will take care of them all.
test - someone said they now also ban bitchute videos

[bitchute.com/video/02FlIxsqAuI](https://www.bitchute.com/video/02FlIxsqAuI/)
Who's comments were edited?  (I'm not being facetious,  legit question.  Just becoming aware of this accusation and im trying to catch up)
Reddit is hysterical about it. There's definitely enough PAC/DNC interest in this sub to raid it.

How inexpensive would it be to pay 100 people to make a few legitimate-appearing reddit accounts and post "edge" content here? It will inevitably get a few upvotes from themselves, the few who legitimately agree, and their bots.

Then they post this as "evidence" this is "breaking rules" or "hateful". Totally dishonest, fake, and hypocritical.
front page of reddit now: ”r/The_Donald shut down after threatening police with violence” libs play dirty. libs lie. taqiya.
Silicon Valley, bay area corporate arrogance.

Disgusting.

Uses "yassss" unironically. These people are the problem.
Someone tell me they're sending this to the white house bias forums Trump set up?
Those dirty motherfuckers
What a bunch of scumbags. In their hearts they all know they just have worse arguments.
Some participant says we're all 14 year olds, and this is their chat? Lots of intelligence and eloquence there. That's quite the contradiction there, friends.
Spez is such a little cunt
THESE PEOPLE MUST LEARN OF OUR PEACEFUL WAYS!  BY FORCE!!!

Nothing like the mods agreeing that putting a thumb on the scale is appropriate and necessary.  Something something the ends justify the means...
[can confirm they’ve edited a comment of mine, i never posted this, saw it two days ago and done a double take](https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/c4miq0/insider_blows_whistle_exec_reveals_google_plan_to/ery8prq/)
How was this obtained?
We need signalboooosting
Historic times pedes.  Pray for one another, for our President and for our Country.
Not suprised one bit. :(
 Oh wow, they really are toxic people. I mean, I’m not surprised, but they’re every bit as toxic as they accuse this sub of being. Just look at the  abusive way they treat Spez, just because he wouldn’t censor us.
maybe trump will finally do something
un-fucking-believable. fuck them
All evidence of reddit's crimes are hate speech that promote violence.  Remove this post now.
Well we were having difficulty gaining any traction to make us the majority power, so i decided we needed to have a nazi party member infiltrate the communist party, burn down the reichstag, and then take credit as being done on behalf of the communist party so that we can call them an enemy of the state and remove our closest (and most powerful opposition).

Oh wait no sorry i misspoke:
Well they were having difficulty gaining any traction to make them the majority power, so they decided they needed to have a Political left admin member infiltrate the donald, tamper, falsify and plant incriminating evidence, and then report it as being done on behalf of the donald so that they call them an enemy of the site and remove their closest (and most powerful opposition).
Dont you just love the words CAMPAIGN?
So wait is this real or just some elaborate hoax. I know we did get quarantined but did they actually plant evidence?
Can someone give me a rundown on what I'm looking at here?  Is this the admins talking about getting us off the front page by trimming the algorithms or whatever warp sorcery they did back in the day?
This will never see the light of day.
Needs more jpeg...
Meh... Reddit's been a shithole for a *long* time now. Was only a matter of time before something like this happened. I expected something similar right after reddit got sold to China, was surprised to see it take this long.
The left is evil.
I am sure the GOP brass is all over this and will act real soon now!
None of this matters. They own the site what ever they want to happen will happen. We've got no power. What are we gonna do? Post some bullshit on their plat forum? That wont change anything.
This is from when he edited comments a long time ago right? 2016?

Anyone know who ***stabbanu*** is?  Seems to be the only one with a brain.
Yeaaaa because no one would ever catch onto that lol. The few times I've seen anything questionable it comes off as fake hatred to incite any narrative reddit and fake news wants to make for us. I have seen nothing but positivity and attention from caring fellow users here. Anything other than that it's certainly not a part of this group.
Can someone convince me this is real?
What the...how did you get this?

If this is real I'm speechless.
that last comment though lol, what a bunch of sick fucks
Where? I read the entire thing and didnt see it.
Um, guys: that screenshot is from several years ago. Look at the thread linked in it:

https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/5ekdy9/the_admins_are_suffering_from_low_energy_have/

That's from 2016.
'For we wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against principalities, against powers, against the rulers of the darkness of this world, against spiritual wickedness in high places.'
^
FUCK THE REDDIT ADMINS.
Make no mistake, gentlepedes. This is election meddling in action.
So when are they going to unquarantine the sub?
Wow, picture not loading.
this place needs to actively try to find another places to get everyone too asap.
Is there a discord for us?
They just do not learn. The more you tell people they can't have something... The more they want it. Oldest marketing strategy on the planet.  
They try to ban/block/censor something... People will want it more. We do not like it when our freedom of choice is limited.
Pathetic liberals have no option but to censor the right.
On the bright side, as a fairly recently joined Pede, I finally know why people were using Spez instead of edit lol.
Can we take legal action? There needs to be a reckoning
Revenge of the nerds, only these nerds aren't funny or likable at all.
These are kids, mentally, they are toddlers. 
IRL they amount to nothing but peons. 

Yes, let them believe we are all 13 year old kids with no resources. 

Sure kids, sure... 

Remember when you try to get a job in the future, some of us are the boss...
Time for the class auction lawsuit against spez personally as well as reddit.
Again? Really Spez?
Worth asking, do they really want the millions of TD users browsing content on Gab and 4chan?
I always felt bad for the loser kids who got picked on in school but now I realize they were all future Reddit admins.
Reddit is run by a gang of jack booted nazi's that like to finger pop each others asspipe.
This is just sad. Straight sad. These admins are clowns.
This is the digital version of the government sending in "protestors" to start causing violence to justify shutting down speech.
they don't even talk like adults at all. openly advocating censorship and insulting t_d users. this is what we're dealing with? ugh. shameful. pitiful
Good job, FluffiPuff.
Do not allow them to say we advocate for violence. They don't give a fuck. This is about our ideas. It's not about violence. We have the truth. Don't even argue with them on that point.
Yikes bröthers
[removed]
Wouldn't editing a users comment to appear to break those rules also be legally actionable as it would also, at the same time, portray that user as having committed a crime (threats, etc.)?
This is freaking history in the making. I can't believe I'm alive to witness this....
Reddit admins having a normal one
So whats the alternative to Reddit ?
Just in case this place finally gets shut down
How does Reddit makes money, separate them from that, that is what the left does, make it hurt to wrongfully punish us.
I can't believe the absolute lies told about us , we work so hard to keep our sub in compliance !!!!
Twist the pig's ear, Spez will squeal.

You face free Americans here liberal/globalist Spez. Choose your next actions wisely.
Not that I'm complaining, but when did the fascists become so stupid?
I found it!! 

#HERE IT IS - THE WHOLE FREAKIN' THING!

https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/5emcnm/reddit_admin_chat_log_has_been_leaked_and_it/

http://archive.is/to2HU
The Donald encourages violence against law enforcement? Huh? Seems like a textbook implementation of a Saul Alinsky principle.  

# “Accuse Your Enemy Of What You Are Doing, As You Are Doing It To Create Confusion”
The mods want us to “report violent content.” Why? It’s all a charade. We know the charges against this sub are trumped up. When the time comes, the powers-that-be will invent the reason to ban us entirely. There is absolutely nothing that any of us can do to stop it. Our enemies are NOT honest. 

Always remember: They ban us and deplatform us only because they cannot yet kill us.
I bet they had the biggest circle jerk in slack today over this.  Probably the biggest day in some(most) of their lives.
Anyone got links to these anti cop threads? I wouldn't be surprised if the users that posted them are brand new accounta
Lurkers stand with you
Never underestimate leftist and crony scum. Ever. 

Pure fascism. They want there to be violence.
Guys, leftists  brought us communism, socialism, and fascism all in the span of 150 years. Is it really fucking suprising the left will resort to ANYTHING to promote their evil?

Over 250 million people died because leftists got control of government levers and decided that free markets and stable families weren't good enough- they were going to create class and nation based 'unions.' National socialism. Marxism. These people are overwhelmingly, irredeemably evil. The ONLY reason these administrators aren't banning us is because their bosses have a financial incentive. I've been doxxed so many times I had to change my work phone and these fuckers didn't do anything after I pointed out the left wing mods responsible. They want 50% of this country or more dead or enslaved.
tbh this could really just be an edited image and the quarantine was just due to media coverage because I couldn't believe such a group of people could be so vile.
Where is this from? Where did you get this? Not that I doubt it as evidence. Just like to know.
epic
When they see us...
Born too late to explore the New World

Born too soon to join Space Force

Born just in time to browse *stank* memes
I remember this. It’s when Spez admitted to editing what users said on this subreddit. Because of that past behavior it immediately means they are not at all credible when it comes to any kind of subreddit rule breaking since there is good reason to suspect that anything said on here has been edited by admin staff. 

In short the accusation that they are actively conspiring against us has merit, and their past actions do a good job supporting that.
Yo I'll be honest spez seems like the only sane one there.   Not even kidding.
Looks like the lefty admins all over the net are using Slack.  Everyone reading this should track down every single slack channel used by them and get in there.
now... I'm not one to advocate blasting this on social AND traditional media, but...

Fox / Crowder / Veritas / lots of slightly right-leaning youtubers would be more than happy to spread the word.
My stomach...

doesn't handle this very well it seems...
This was from 2016, FYI

(This comment is not a violent comment suggesting or promoting self-harm or other forms of violence, and in fact, looks upon such ideas as shameful)
is there a png version for mobile phone users?
I hope spez gets into legal trouble for his actions tonight.
Suspicion is gaining more and more confirmation by the day as evidence piles in.
It occurs to me that things like this, the latest Project Veritas thing, none of them really affect me at all anymore because my opinion of these people simply cannot go any lower. At this point you could reveal these people were part of a baby-eating Satanic cult and it wouldn't shock me in the least.
My gawd these folks are scared to death of speech.
Hope he gets fired for altering our comments
thats damning
[deleted]
Man, does this make me feel old.  What's a spaz?  What the hell are they talking about?  

&#x200B;

I'm sorry.  I just don't speak NewSpeak.
Spez voted for Trump!
Disgusting Commies! I am creating another website for free speech warriors. If anyone wants in please let me know.
This was forever ago...
How inconvenient that we have this. 

It won’t matter though, no one ever faces consequences for violation a person’s God given right to express themselves.
Throwback Wednesday
Guys, it’s just a conspiracy theory
Can someone clarify on the reference one of them made in the chat about threats and a car being vandalized?
Spez saying "yaasss" lowered my testosterone temporarily the first time I read that shit.

Spez: Spez is a manly fellow that would never exhibit feminine traits!
Make T_D great again!
Who is spez?
I like the part where they say that ***everyone is fed up with T_D, especially people who don't subscribe or contribute to it.*** 

HUH? That's like me being ***fed up*** with a sub I never visit, and never see on my fed OR rrr/all . How does that work exactly? Methinks it's mods being fed up because they DO visit (can't stay away) and are confronted with things that challenge their world view.
Why on earth doesn't this have more upvotes???
I remember not to far back when spez edited bunch of comments of this sub
THIS IS NOT FROM TODAY IT IS FROM 2016. What the fuck... you talk about the leftists spreading misinformation then do it yourself? Whether or not you intended for this to seem like it was more recent is debatable but the fact you weren't upfront about it says a lot.
Er... can someone point to where it says that in this chat log? I'm having a hard time finding it...
This seems like the kind of post that will get the sub banned for good. Not saying it shouldn't be posted, just commenting for what it's worth.
[removed]
[removed]
This is from 2016 you chodes
you're still here lol. you're not being censored.
[removed]
[removed]
Hey it’s ok, just subtly manipulate your vote weight and you won’t have a clue!
Evil leftists are going to do what evil leftists do. This was inevitable. They claim we have a knife behind our back while they're stabbing us in the gut.

T_D is going to get banned entirely, eventually. We all know it's going to happen, nobody has delusions of Reddit suddenly caring about free speech.

But hey, this place lasted longer than anyone thought it would, and helped get Trump elected so that's something...and exactly why they won't allow it to happen again.
Relevant:

https://imgur.com/1smfyiZ
They unsubbed me too. I've been an active member for years
I do not like this subreddit, trump, and at least 70% of all americans but the reddit admins have now reached an all time low. Aaron Swartz has rolled so much in his grave hes now in China. Reddit is not even a shell of what it used to be, fucking trash.

This website just lost what very little credibility they had left, short of adding a hash to each comment that is logged by a third party now not only can no comment be trusted but no law enforcement agency can use any comment for evidence since there is proof that some have been tampered with.
they really just gave the\_donald a bigger platform also they will probably continue this smear campaign and plant fake people all over the place
Send this to the main Mods of Reddit
#POST IT EVERYWHERE
> They really think they're doing the right thing.

~~Every leftist ever~~ Most of them.

While a few of them (mostly the ones at the top of the food chain) are unmistakably evil, the low-level scrubs do what they do because they really believe they are doing the right thing (even if logic and reality screams otherwise).  They see themselves as the rebel alliance fighting the sith empire. The sith empire being literally anyone that disagrees with them.

This whole situation is FUBAR.
I found it!! HERE IT IS - THE WHOLE FREAKIN' THING!

https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/5emcnm/reddit_admin_chat_log_has_been_leaked_and_it/

http://archive.is/to2HU
I have read and posted on T_D daily since early 2016 (under different handles).

I have never once seen a threat of violence against law enforcement on this Domreddit.

Further, President Trump himself is the most vocal supporter of law enforcement and the military to occupy the White House in modern history.

The majority of comments I see here regarding police are positive, except in certain threads alleging police brutality/complaining about certain laws.

However, leftists routinely encourage and commit violence against police and other citizens, particularly groups such as BLM and Antifa, which are praised or at least tolerated elsewhere on Reddit.

Reddit is once again applying a double standard and persecuting a large, mainstream community of users for the supposed "crime" of supporting the duly-elected president of the United States.

I make it a point to represent the pro-police perspective 100% of the time, and even in negative threads, to remind people that the actions of a minority are not equivalent to all or even most police officers.

Law enforcement is a crucial function in our society, and literally allows the law, and thus our society and country, to exist.

Cops are human beings, and human nature means sinfulness. However, American police are typically thoroughly vetted during the hiring process, and are usually highly law-abiding and principled individuals, if not perfect.

Anyone who has a problem with certain laws, such as drug laws, civil asset forfeiture, "quorum-busting" laws, etc., should remember that it is called law enforcement, and not law creation, for a reason.
When you sit in your own shit for long enough you forget that it stinks.
It's from 4 years ago
It's not just censorship - the **OWNER admits to editing USER COMMENTS - then uses those as false evidence against us**.  What they did to Trump, they did to US.  NO ONE IS SAFE.
Image saved for later use. 

This sub is going down. Save and archive everything that isn't nailed to the deck.
They are mentally ill. Leftism is a mental illness.
And defending liberals calling for violence (chaposhithouse)
They're not really people... they're communists
It's not censorship.  It's much worse.  It's gaslighting.
To me it's amazing that they think we are all 13 year old trolls. I am almost about to retire, I am a woman, and I am a CPA with an MBA. Some of us just like reading The\_Donald posts because the rest of the political subs are so very very negative toward our current administration.
Showing their true colors. Sneaky cunts.
this was 4 years ago or ?
What’s new?
So now that they're not a Platform time to sue?
They aren't people.
Doesn't this sub ban people with differing opinions? Surely that is equally censorship.
This subreddit is the most censorship heavy community on all of reddit. I will be banned for making this comment.
We have to stop them now, or we will never be able to stop them again.
Such technology exists already. We are facing a technologically advanced enemy assisting a tyrannical party. It would only be a matter of time until they use the technology to fabricate crimes.
No, that is the second step.

The next step is to CLAIM that all evidence of wrongdoing on their part is 'deep fakes.'
What do you think they do with the editted comment logs that have the users IP address? Don’t think for one minute they aren’t doing exactly this. Why do you think people like hanassholesole capitulate so quickly? It’s because they get threatened with being framed with a crime by the admins.
They will state that videos of themselves committing crimes are deep fake videos
I wish we could get James O’Keefe on this. Inside Reddit.
Literally us *sometimes* posting opinions that are opposite theirs is "us spamming and causing them trouble".

It's bullshit but it's hilarious seeing that, because they're all such dumbasses.
Pushing back against their propaganda.
> Suddenly they oppose the concept of speaking truth to power?

Not suddenly.
They were getting destroyed on r/all before they went full hitler on the numbers and sticky rules.  I'm sure there are screencaps of the glory days floating around somewhere.
What they most likely really mean is that all the babbies on Reddit whining about T_D 24/7. Can you imagine having to deal with all of that over a single sub that doesn't do anything wrong?
It's from 2015.  It's a reminder.
I found it!! HERE IT IS - THE WHOLE FREAKIN' THING!

https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/5emcnm/reddit_admin_chat_log_has_been_leaked_and_it/

http://archive.is/to2HU
Yes - it caused a huge scandal at the time, then was memoryholed.  Fortunately, some of us saved images.
Yes, it is from a few years back. But it shows their mindset, and that has not changed. If anything, it has likely gotten worse.
Yeah this is really old and I dunno why it's being posted again. I also don't understand how people aren't looking at dates.
Yeah I thought it looked familiar.  We have been a thorn in their side for a while.  Can’t let anyone break the narrative!!
I found it!! HERE IT IS - THE WHOLE FREAKIN' THING!

https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/5emcnm/reddit_admin_chat_log_has_been_leaked_and_it/

http://archive.is/to2HU
they plan on doing it in THIS life.  We have to stop them!
Imagine being so woke that Pol Pot, Stalin, and Hitler would all approve of your tactics.
Do I smell BBQ?
Doubt that. Our ancestors created the US Constitution very clearly. and not even the Civil War destroyed US.

And the leftists too, will pass, like a very bad gas attack.
We are entering one world government under the Antichrist. All truth will be erased. Once Christ's church is raptured up to heaven, the floodgates will really open up.

Read your bibles. Jesus is the only escape. You think we're 1984 now?? We're going beyond 1984, and quickly. It's getting biblical now.
I wish they would! But I know mods are getting slammed right now - but if we could sticky, we can raise awareness quick, and get it in front of everyone.  How can we get them to sticky?
Yes - released Nov. 24, 2016.
I found it!! HERE IT IS - THE WHOLE FREAKIN' THING!

https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/5emcnm/reddit_admin_chat_log_has_been_leaked_and_it/

http://archive.is/to2HU
Except they were pretty ham handed with the weight votes.  Subtly isn’t their specialty.
you..? did they change your comment?
So me saying spez is hung like a glorious war horse, and all the ladies want them some spez.  
  


You are saying there is a good probability that the above comment was edited by the awesome, most-coolest-lady-killa-evah, spez?
That's assuming you end up in an honest court, which is a stretch these days. Get a Trump appointed judge, and if you have the $$$...otherwise, screwed.
Pin it.
Exactly. Same as...

 Step #1: Fund and facilitate massive influx of immigrants.

Step #2: Condemn the "concentration" camps, rape, family separation, and suffering that *you* caused.
username checks out
Correct - was the CEO who edited our comments.
Unfortunately, its closed. Just retweet the Trumps. All of them.
I really hope Trump does something with that, because the GOP sure as well won't lift a finger.
This is what we do.  And inform everyone you can, subtly, let them come to their own conclusions with the TRUTH.
Because to totalitarians, *any* disagreement is taking disagreement too far, and a heinous crime that should be punished.

If you put 98 liberals and 2 conservatives in one mansion together, the 2 would sit by the fireplace in a secluded room quietly discussing their beliefs... while the 98 would be running around the rest of the mansion screaming at the top of their lungs that they're being harassed, bullied, *tortured and killed* by exposure to that private conversation, and it needs to stop now before they're forced to take violent action to defend themselves from exposure.

Or, if you take a few million liberals and a few hundred thousand conservatives, and put them on one Reddit.com together...
They treat government much like a religion that would grant them a sort of heaven on Earth if only they'd seize absolute power.    


We view government as a necessary evil that needs to be limited.    


Therefore, they view us as a roadblock on their way to Utopia.  


We want absolutely nothing from the left.  Nothing.  I do not vote for anything that takes something from them that they've earned.  The converse is not true.  They want to take a LOT from me just because they exist and feel that they're entitled to the fruits of my labor.  


If they want to censor us, sorry, quarantine us, then the time for talking through the problem has passed.    


I don't think they comprehend the fact that a significant number of people in this nation are sick and fucking tired of this forced acceptance of their way of life.    


We don't like their religion and want no part of it.     


Can't they do us the same favor?
I don’t think it’s possible. My whole life it has gotten worse and more tense. The country is divided and is spinning farther apart.
HUGs - thank you for keeping the faith!

I found it!! HERE IT IS - THE WHOLE FREAKIN' THING!

https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/5emcnm/reddit_admin_chat_log_has_been_leaked_and_it/

http://archive.is/to2HU
spez is the CEO of Reddit. The top of the chain is rotten.
**Yes, and we're gonna burn bright like a shooting star, then *crash into PLANET REDDIT*.**
I found it!! HERE IT IS - THE WHOLE FREAKIN' THING!

https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/5emcnm/reddit_admin_chat_log_has_been_leaked_and_it/

http://archive.is/to2HU
No, they are acting very human, like Mao or Adolph or Uncle Joe
Make sure to access and mark the iRC, Discord, and  Twitter channels.  I'm on Gab,and we do have a presence there.
go sign up on gab now!
They're barely human.
Hate the idea that we're indirectly supporting this Shithole website by being here.  Time to create a MAGA website built by Americans, for Americans.  (Other countries welcome, but they have to come legally and respect our laws.)
I would guess it's an attempt to prevent further spread of right-wing ideals. Reddit is pretty much a left-wing website. If you don't like that, go to Voat or something.
I found it!! HERE IT IS - THE WHOLE FREAKIN' THING!

https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/5emcnm/reddit_admin_chat_log_has_been_leaked_and_it/

http://archive.is/to2HU
No it's not. He's a pawn, a tool. This is coordinated from the top down and across varied social media and new organizations.  It's part of the plan.
Link doesn’t work
Thank you so much!

I found it!! HERE IT IS - THE WHOLE FREAKIN' THING!

https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/5emcnm/reddit_admin_chat_log_has_been_leaked_and_it/

http://archive.is/to2HU
It's millions of viewers every day and they know that. Which is why they suppress the ads numbers and money acciounts.

They are Doomed.
God is our Witness.
Is that why I keep getting sniffed?
Thank you for all your work <3
Thank you so much.  We have to stand up for each other's rights <3
Congress lol.  Congress is totally useless, even before the Dems stole the House with "ballot harvesting."
RIGHT AFTER THE LAST ELECTION - and he is still at Reddit, STILL doing the same thing, and has NEVER been prosecuted or punished for violating Reddit's TOS.

EDIT: found date in my files - just like Google, they are attempting to influence NEXT Election.
I couldn't find anything that even suggested that.
Fight on. 

#This is Our Alamo.
I really think so
ok this seems to be working, test 2:

[https://www.bitchute.com/video/02FlIxsqAuI/](https://www.bitchute.com/video/02FlIxsqAuI/)
there were news articles written on it at the time, you can search for old news on a search engine.
I found it!! HERE IT IS - THE WHOLE FREAKIN' THING!

https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/5emcnm/reddit_admin_chat_log_has_been_leaked_and_it/

http://archive.is/to2HU
I found it!! HERE IT IS - THE WHOLE FREAKIN' THING!

https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/5emcnm/reddit_admin_chat_log_has_been_leaked_and_it/

http://archive.is/to2HU
THEY LIVE!
yes... make sure to read the WHOLE chatlog - it's frightening.

http://archive.is/to2HU
Do you have a screen shot? Anything?  we have to get this out there!!
SPEZ: you need to make a formal complaint to the Mods ASAP!!
do you remember what you originally posted?
A mod from another subbreddit released a copy of the chatlog to the_Donald. We screenshotted it, and I only got one part - the archive has the rest...

http://archive.is/to2HU
I am already praying - I hve been since day one.  President Trump is proof Miracles do exist.
The CEO confesses to editing user posts and comments - which means ANY comment could have been edited by Reddit instead of written by us,
I found it!! HERE IT IS - THE WHOLE FREAKIN' THING!

https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/5emcnm/reddit_admin_chat_log_has_been_leaked_and_it/

http://archive.is/to2HU
I found it!! HERE IT IS - THE WHOLE FREAKIN' THING!

https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/5emcnm/reddit_admin_chat_log_has_been_leaked_and_it/

http://archive.is/to2HU
Yes it will - God as my witness, we will be Free.
Needs more truth.
I found it!! HERE IT IS - THE WHOLE FREAKIN' THING!

https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/5emcnm/reddit_admin_chat_log_has_been_leaked_and_it/

http://archive.is/to2HU
WE are on it - we will prevail.
We're going to fight back with everything we have at our disposal  - we have the White House, we have James O'Keefe, we have Louis Gohmert and Ted Cruz and Doug Collins and Candace Owens and Kanye West and = 

We have US.  

#NEVER GIVE UP - NEVER SURRENDER
Yup it means that they've been editing our comments without authorisation for four years.
I found it!! HERE IT IS - THE WHOLE FREAKIN' THING!

https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/5emcnm/reddit_admin_chat_log_has_been_leaked_and_it/

http://archive.is/to2HU
I found it!! HERE IT IS - THE WHOLE FREAKIN' THING!

https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/5emcnm/reddit_admin_chat_log_has_been_leaked_and_it/

http://archive.is/to2HU
Yes,

https://www.breitbart.com/tech/2016/12/13/reddit-ceo-admits-he-screwed-up-by-editing-users-comments/

https://www.oneangrygamer.net/2016/11/reddit-ceo-admits-to-shadow-editing-user-comments-amid-pizzagate-scandal/17329/
I screenshotted it the day it happened.  I was there, and I tried to archive but they deleted it right after I got the screenshot.  I've been trying to get the word out for FOUR YEARS - but they throttle our posts.  Last attempt was six days ago.
I found it!! HERE IT IS - THE WHOLE FREAKIN' THING!

https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/5emcnm/reddit_admin_chat_log_has_been_leaked_and_it/

http://archive.is/to2HU
Look for the name 'spez' - he's the CEO of reddit.
I found it!! HERE IT IS - THE WHOLE FREAKIN' THING!

https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/5emcnm/reddit_admin_chat_log_has_been_leaked_and_it/

http://archive.is/to2HU
Yes - they have been editing our comments for four years.
I found it!! HERE IT IS - THE WHOLE FREAKIN' THING!

https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/5emcnm/reddit_admin_chat_log_has_been_leaked_and_it/

http://archive.is/to2HU
I found it!! HERE IT IS - THE WHOLE FREAKIN' THING!

https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/5emcnm/reddit_admin_chat_log_has_been_leaked_and_it/

http://archive.is/to2HU
This is from Nov 24, 2016 - the day we got spezzed. They hve been editing us now for FOUR YEARs
I found it!! HERE IT IS - THE WHOLE FREAKIN' THING!

https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/5emcnm/reddit_admin_chat_log_has_been_leaked_and_it/

http://archive.is/to2HU
that's the chatlog est date - screenshot is from Nov 23/24 2016 - listed in original post. They have been editing us for four years
I found it!! HERE IT IS - THE WHOLE FREAKIN' THING!

https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/5emcnm/reddit_admin_chat_log_has_been_leaked_and_it/

http://archive.is/to2HU
and don't forget - this happened right AFTER the election. They have been editing us for FOUR YEARS
I found it!! HERE IT IS - THE WHOLE FREAKIN' THING!

https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/5emcnm/reddit_admin_chat_log_has_been_leaked_and_it/

http://archive.is/to2HU
<3 I love you <3
I'm Praying for you - stand strong.  I had one message me a couple of weeks ago that they were going to stab me in the heart.
I wish i could believe that, but...

http://archive.is/to2HU

https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3982922/Reddit-CEO-Steve-Huffman-regrets-editing-Trump-supporters-comments.html
I screen shotted it the day it happened - Nov 23/24 2016 (overnight) and then found independent confirmation in an archive thread, and and archived image: 

https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/5emcnm/reddit_admin_chat_log_has_been_leaked_and_it/?utm_source=reddit&utm_medium=usertext&utm_name=The_Donald&utm_content=t1_es51jsm

http://archive.is/to2HU

Article of event here: 

https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3982922/Reddit-CEO-Steve-Huffman-regrets-editing-Trump-supporters-comments.html
read the whole thing, it's awesome

http://archive.is/to2HU
THANK YOU!
That should make us all cry
hmmmmmmmmmm
This is the entire chatlog from start to finish - use this! 

http://archive.is/to2HU
here's the whole darned chatlog - share me! http://archive.is/to2HU
yes - archive here

http://archive.is/to2HU

nice disclaimer!
Oh wow I'm trying to find one
It's really scary, isn't it?  

Stay strong.  We were born to this fight, and fight we shall!
they hate us. 

http://archive.is/to2HU
Why?
that means they've been doing it since 2016
When is the last time they edited our comments?  No one knows, and no one can prove they didn't - but we have a CONFESSION that the CEO of reddit deliberately edited User comments and posts without authorisation.
I found it!! HERE IT IS - THE WHOLE FREAKIN' THING!

https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/5emcnm/reddit_admin_chat_log_has_been_leaked_and_it/

http://archive.is/to2HU
I found it!! HERE IT IS - THE WHOLE FREAKIN' THING!

https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/5emcnm/reddit_admin_chat_log_has_been_leaked_and_it/

http://archive.is/to2HU
I have no idea - evidently it was known to only a few people.
Included in original post - and yes, they have been editing us for four years.
I found it!! HERE IT IS - THE WHOLE FREAKIN' THING!

https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/5emcnm/reddit_admin_chat_log_has_been_leaked_and_it/

http://archive.is/to2HU
The Part where the CEO of reddit confesses to unauthorised editing of user comments - meaning that is false evidence against users of THIS DOMreddit.
I found it!! HERE IT IS - THE WHOLE FREAKIN' THING!

https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/5emcnm/reddit_admin_chat_log_has_been_leaked_and_it/

http://archive.is/to2HU
I understand - it's time for the world to know what awaits them...

I found it!! HERE IT IS - THE WHOLE FREAKIN' THING!

https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/5emcnm/reddit_admin_chat_log_has_been_leaked_and_it/

http://archive.is/to2HU
Your statement ignores that the CEO of reddit, Steve Huffman,  admitted he made unauthorised access to users' accounts and edited their comments and posts - in CLEAR violation of reddit TOS. And he still has access, even now - **so there is NO WAY to prove WHO made the comments - the accounts are HACKED by ADMINS.** 

https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3982922/Reddit-CEO-Steve-Huffman-regrets-editing-Trump-supporters-comments.html
The CEO confessed HE edited those comments - so HE may have written those threatening posts.

All evidence is now tainted.
Yeah, he'a been doing it for FOUR YEARS??
Shows how sad your life is.
You are the evil one. YOU are the one that is on the wrong side of history
Did you know that conservatives not only have more sex, but longer, more satisfying sex, than leftists? So to agree, yes, we get f***ed, almost everyday.
That comment right there. That's just making it obvious that they're not interested in getting rid of us so we can go elsewhere. They're interested in destroying the usefulness of this place so we waste our time trying to fight them when we should be focusing on getting Trump reelected.
These people are truly sick.
[deleted]
3/5ths of a person, 3/5ths of a vote. Ol' Democrats are at it again!
They've inadvertently encouraged more people to sympathize with t\_d. This tactic never works in the favor of the censors, it always benefits the censored. Unless it's a police state like China or England who just imprison their own citizens over political beliefs.
The best part is that in banning T_D all reddit will prove is that they're immature jackasses who will never learn their lesson. Our man Donald was elected because people where sick of constant left wing harrassment. People don't like being ridiculed, but reddit is so elitest and could never possibly be wrong that I've genuinely had replies of "my ideas are better than yours." So when they finally outright ban T_D, all they will do is ensure another 2020 victory. And honestly, I can live with that sacrifice.

It's been an honor serving with you lads.
"The leftist screams out in pain as he lashes you."
Honestly thought it would've already been banned by now
So where's the alternative platform for us to meet? Gab?   


We need to build our own platform. With blackjack. And hookers.
> Evil leftists are going to do what evil leftists do. This was inevitable.

It's that simple.
Does anyone know of a backup plan for when the inevitable ban happens? I definitely think it will happen eventually, so a plan should be in place. A new subreddit? Move to a different platform? Anyone know how Jordan Peterson’s new platform will work? Would it be conducive to the type of platform that reddit is now (meaning user posted threads with comments, an upvote/downvote feature, mod team, etc.), or will it be more like twitter than reddit?
The_Donald never cared about free speech. Watch me get banned for that - free speech in action.
I can't make sense of this
>all 700,000+ subscribers there?  
>  
>Even if 70 people said something HORRIBLE on that sub, that's only 0.0001% of the subscriber base.

7,000,000+\*

0.00001%\*
Thanks for coming here to say this. You don't have to support Trump to support free speech. I first visited this sub a few years back for similar reasons to you -- because I thought it was atrocious that Spez had edited the database to change Redditors' comments (I sadly have to disagree with you that today was the all-time-low). I didn't like Trump either, at the time. But coming here and realising that what people were saying about him and his supporters just wasn't true was an eye-opener. This will be for others, too.
> This website just lost what very little credibility they had left,

Two years ago:

https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/search?q=Spez+admits&restrict_sr=on&sort=relevance&t=all
So they've been editing our comment for four years...
And now they're owned by the Chinese which are putting on a Social Score to your media accounts...hmmm..being able to back end edit comments that now have real life repercussions...

WCGW?
It’s what the Nazis and soviets did to their political opponents as well. These people are fucking evil, but we all know what happened to the Nazis when American patriots showed up.
And they correlate the edited comment to the user’s real IP so when law enforcement shows up with a subpoena you’ll be getting a swat raid and these sick fucks think it’s a big joke. I wonder if they’ll be laughing when justice is served.
Also admits to manipulating voting.
> It's not just censorship - the OWNER admits to editing USER COMMENTS - then uses those as false evidence against us. What they did to Trump, they did to US. NO ONE IS SAFE.

This, FFS.
You mean like a false flag?!
All I see in that pic is them talking about spez getting trolled, am I blind or what am I missing??
[removed]
Not on your Android phone i hope
Save the pepes, by gahd. Save the pepes
☝️

they have forfeited any claim to humanity.
And projecting.  They are the cop haters.  BLM, Antifa, illegals, lgbt, and liberals in general, hate cops.  We love the police and the military.
Always hearing libs say that, but what is gaslighting?
I would bet dollars to doughnuts that we are more educated then the vast majority of subs.
Nah man, the mods here are not so easily baited. What *will* get you banned is well thought out criticism of an individual policy, or failure to ride the Trunp Train, or whatever. Just be cool and agree with everything the dear leader says, uncritically.
How? What can us everyday average people do?
I bet they'll claim you're advocating violence.

We must win the House back and keep the Senate just so we can pass legislation against big tech censorship.
> We have to stop them now, or we will never be able to stop them again.

Perfectly stated.  It is that simple.
They've already done it. Read Dan Bongino's books about #Spygate. They fabricated fake crimes to try and take down Trump.
People with knowledge of programming and computers can tell if something is original video or a deep fake
Nov 2016, to be precise.
I ‘member
Ok, because most people in the thread seem to think this is from today.
Memoryholed except for our beloved “spez” button... may it Rest In Peace
You should have written that in your OP.

This is like when leftists pass around pics of illegal immigrant detainments and fail to mention they were taken during Obama's administration, which misleads people into believing they're recent.

No one here likes fake or misleading news.
It was deepsixed at the time, and Spez is STILL CEO, STILL has access... this post ismfor those who DON't know about the events if that day.

I found it!! HERE IT IS - THE WHOLE FREAKIN' THING!

https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/5emcnm/reddit_admin_chat_log_has_been_leaked_and_it/

http://archive.is/to2HU
They have almost entirely subverted the constitution by importing voters and attempting to get around the electoral college system.

 If they succeed, it's over.
I agree. They are clearly OUT of ideas and trying to win people away from conservative and Trump support in any sort of moral and honest way. Now they are just going full bore silencing. The Veritas video is damning of Google but moreover it should be known that this is the new agenda..they literally want to win at all costs in 2020. There isn't much room left for much else. This is going to all come to a head in some way, and it's not going to be pretty I am sure. Thing is, they are going to be the ones that start it.

Reminds me of when our pot belly pig was still. He was a big boy and just as chill as can be. However, when he was cornered and had nowhere to go...his panic was quite violent..reminds me of that exactly.
Maranatha
There are no stickies currently, are they even allowed to do that while quarantined?

Spez: Wait, I guess the Quarantined post is stickied? Ugh everything looks so different it's hard to tell lol
That was three years ago. We've gained half a million more people since then, yet our average daily top posts barely break 1200. Once in a blue moon we have a 10K every few months. Subtle my ass. Our votes have been weighted down 100 times.
**They killed him before he could finish his comment!!!**
.....In an essentially banned subreddit?

Is there any way we can try to get it mentioned in other non-banned conservative subs?  

Ideally, no subs would be banned.

But I think it would be effective to get it all over the place so they are stuck with three choices:

1). Apologize
2). Ban more subreddits (this would be what I’m rooting for because it would turn reddit into cnn and they’d finally suffer)
3). Try and make an excuse (this would probably have the same result as #2)
Right? Man I can’t stop thinking about this. It’s crazy what’s happening right Now.
Step #3: Team up with the alt-right to make sure children don't get beds, so you can blame it on the GOP.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tu9nO6rav0A
> Because to totalitarians, any disagreement is taking disagreement too far, and a heinous crime that should be punished.

Possibly with violence. Like the brownshirts did in Germany and the blackshirts in italy. You know... fascists.
>a significant number of people in this nation are sick and fucking tired of this forced acceptance of their way of life. 

Welp, the only thing left to do is to vote in their rigged elections! Get to it, lads!
Even CEOs answer to people.  Does Advance Pulbications still own reddit?
[removed]
literal censorship, definitely no inherent problems here
I just double checked and he was in the NXIVM sex cult thing

&#x200B;

[https://thedcpatriot.com/bombshell-nxivm-sex-cult-witness-names-major-stars-politicians-in-polygraph/](https://thedcpatriot.com/bombshell-nxivm-sex-cult-witness-names-major-stars-politicians-in-polygraph/)
# REMEMBER r/The_Donald !!!!!!!!!!!!!
Wait so the quarantine was placed over something that happened a year ago?  I thought this was recent,  and possibly related to the shit show going down in Oregon. 

Or are we just suspicious that he's doing it again but have not pinpointed the actual catalyst yet?
no, no screen shots, been fairly careful of what ive posted on td, even notified people who have posted names of other users and just gave em an fyi about td rules to minimise this kind of trouble, said other crap on other subs only because they said I wasn’t allowed so yeah as per usual with me i rebelled against the thought police.

i dont believe the formal complaints will do anything, theyve been spez’n our stuff for a while, even admitted it.
nope, has been a few days and a few posts but most certainly wasnt that.
I know but I thought Reddit stopped doing that. If they are still doing it that’s fucked up
I’d say I’m surprised, but really I’m not. The Reddit admins are in short a bunch of Leftists libtards who want to make Reddit a Liberal paradise.
You the real MVP
Preach
As for us doing something: I am afraid we are too reasonable to be effective. Game theory shows that it is always the less reasonable, more aggressive party that gets their way.

Are half a million redditers going to picket the Reddit HQ?  Nah, didn't think so... but yeah, I guess "we're on it".


Sometimes (but only very rarely) I wish we had the fanatical commitment of the libfascists.
Just in case - you do know I was sarcastic, right?
You are right where you needed to be today, friend
Right, but the thread title implies that this is a new discovery when it isn't. Given the quarantine - \*hock* \*spit* - people are going to assume that it's to do with that.

You see the issue, yes?
[removed]
oh damn nevermind then
[deleted]
Yep, and if the CEO did it, the others will have done it, too, thousands of times.

If you catch one rat, you know there are a thousand you didn't see.
Yeah he did admit to that but it was like years  ago? Kinda misleading since it sounded like you are saying that the edited posts were the same ones the sub was punished for
I meant a screencap of the relevant part, or a description that helps me find it in the image.
...Excuse me. You're saying this chat log is 2 years old? How do we know it still totally applies, then?
Well if it has already been posted then maybe not, I wasn't aware. However, the link from this old post doesn't work anymore. I grabbed the archived version: [http://archive.is/to2HU](http://archive.is/to2HU)
[removed]
Lol I think you've been on reddit far too long dude, regardless of what happened you sound like you're leading an internet revolution that's going nowhere...Think you need to take a step back and just look at this from an outsiders perspective, who really gives a shit? Do you really need to spend all your waking hours going over old posts, waging and internet war no one respects or even cares about besides the people waging it.

Like really? What is the point to all this, there is none...you guys over there @ T_D are fighting an imaginary war for some guy who doesn't even know you exist and most definitely wouldn't do the same for you. I'm not here to bash on Trump, more just wondering why you guys are always raging about nothing...you're wasting your life away trying to convince people you aren't who everyone thinks you are and from an outsiders perspective it just seems like a MASSIVE waste of time. Go outside and do something other than sifting through reddit posts rallying with people who are trying to start problems. 

It just doesn't make any sense from my perspective, I guess it would make sense to do such things if you were passionate about something but of all things why Donald Trump? He's that last person anyone should be rallying towards, and the worst person to get in trouble for...

Only thing that makes sense to me why people join T_D is for a sense of community and that they are apart of something, I'll give you that you guys are quite the force on reddit. You've massed a huge following but when you read all the topics all the stuff is just people wanting to pull out their guns and start trouble. I can respect the fact that there are people out there who need to feel like they are a part of something but there are plenty of other things and subs that aren't so problematic that you could be apart of...just something to think about.
[removed]
Keep cryin and ill keep laughin
Whatever makes your delusions justified, im just here to laugh at you and your inevitable destruction.
[removed]
Back another platform.
spez was caught doing this before - i guess they thought people would forget...
Most intelligent thing I've read today. This mechanic gets it.
Get on other subs with alt accounts and post the truth! Use every sub!
Never underestimate the power of weaponized autism.
It wasn’t about you at all, this is 100% just an excuse for them to assert their authoritarian control. 

Their “excuse” wasn’t about ola bini at all, but instead there is a situation going on in Oregon where the liberal state governor has talked about using the police to arrest and detain elected senators. (Literal fascism) and the state senator basically replied (paraphrasing) “come get me, but you’d best be prepared to kill me if you do”

That kind of “wrong think” must be suppressed according to big brother. 

But the real reason is because we were spreading the project veritas video and it shows how much tech companies are corrupt and using foreign influence on American elections.
>They've inadvertently encouraged more people to sympathize with t\_d. 

Yeah, you're right about that. Before today I never would have posted here but this is just **insane**.

You would have to be severely naive to not see what's going on here.

- Several threads suddenly pop up advocating for violence against police on a subreddit that has historically been very supportive of police. 
- Right before the DNC 2020 campaign kicks off. 
- Around the same time that other tech and social media companies are being exposed by Project Veritas admitting their plans to manipulate the next election.
- Just days after Carlos Maza and Media Matters talk about getting the sub banned.


*and that's all just a coincidence*
Trying to cover something up just makes more people interested in seeing what it was.

But not sure it's going to work when these tech company psychopaths finally take over the internet. They keep getting exposed but nothing is done about their crimes.

They just endlessly mock us, like its a game. They flaunt their evil infront of us and know nothing will happen, while pretending to be a good boi at the same time.
> Unless it's a police state like China or England who just imprison their own citizens over political beliefs.

What do you think will happen if he loses in 2020?
over 2k new subscribers since noon (CST.) today..
Very true.
>The best part is that in banning T_D all reddit will prove is that they're immature jackasses who will never learn their lesson. 

The problem is. **leftists are evil and they don't care**. Do you think the USSR survived for decades because it gave a shit about what the average citizen thought about them? No, as long as they were powerless and couldn't change the system.

>if they kill T_D it will come back

The problem, as many previous subs that have been banned experienced, is that Reddit has a system in place to shut down any future T_D inspired subreddit that may pop up if it gets banned. **What you should be afraid off, is that this tactic WORKS**

If there is a problem with conservatives and the people on the_donald, is that they really don't understand that their **opponents are a bunch of unreasonable religious zealots who want you dead and nothing will make them stop**
It's not over yet. As they said, if they kill T\_D it will come back
The honor was all mine Mad Lad
It's censorship at its best.
In the screenshot spez confirms exactly what I’ve been saying forever, they can’t ban us because being trump supporters isn’t against the rules, we can just make the Donald 2 and go about things exactly as they were before.
 I like the sound of The_Donald_2020
And we will all go down together, brother.
I tried to look earlier when I thought this sub was deleted, found a bit on voat but not really much, more on pol but nothing this high of numbers, if this is gone I'm sure we will see other places but would be nice to coordinate what ones
They are pushing that one mod speaks for all mods, one user speaks for the entire sub. That gives them justification for what they are doing to this subreddit. It also can be used by trolls and shills to join T_D to specifically post rule breaking comments to get this sub banned.
Truth!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EB9JHwzzyX4&t=16m21s

the first few minutes of that from where I linked sum up why I am terrified of Trump being the president, anyone who can get him alone in a room can convince him of anything and nothing he says can be certain as he changes his mind more often than underwear. He is just another cog in the wheel of corruption and greed. I also trust no american business man to do what is good for the people and not be greedy and do what makes them money which Trump has already been doing, he has used his role as president to rake in millions if not billions already. 

I will say a lot of stuff they say about him is bullshit, american news is a 100% rotton and corrupt propaganda machine for capitalism but he is doing what any business man would do as president and use it to make tons of money through side deals, etc... This is why no businessman should ever be allowed to be president.

He also has no attention span and has done scary shit like tell people to nuke shit before calming down and changing his mine, he also has no ability to fact check and has been conned by fake shit more than once. 

He is no better or worse than any other president usa has had in a very long time. They are all rotton and corrupt, the banks are above the law and run everything. Now Google has also gained massive political control and no one in the government that can do anything about it ever will.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VwcpOithag0
Send this to the white house's tech bias site and archive the information!
>Social Score

What?
Sounds like that one Black Mirror episode.
>tfw your enemy worships the soviet union and tries to emulate them as much as possible so you call them nazis
we also know what happened to the soviets after american patriots refused to let the soviet union expand any further. it took a helluva lot longer to destroy the soviets than the nazis but we eventually got the job done.
Democrats are the real Nazis guys.
Well they are commies or commie agenda supporters....
The Nazis were defeated by the Soviets, tho.
[removed]
But we also know what happened to the Communists..we allied with them.
Oh I can't wait for law enforcement to do that to someone.  You'll have the backing of an entire law firm going after reddit and every John Doe employee/executive with the ability to edit posts and databases, or access to any logs.
Relevant:

https://imgur.com/1smfyiZ
Agreed, and we need to take the fight to the MSM. We need Tucker Carlson, Sean Hannity, Dan Bongino, James OKeefe, Tom Fitton to get on this story ASAP.

The Boomers sitting at home watching Fox News need to hear what the fuck is happening to free speech.
Oh we are absolutely going to make this hurt for them.  We have more than just meme cannons in our arsenal.
Those who attempt to oppress and abuse humanity... have given consent to be destroyed by it
It's when you pretend not to be a "lib", but then go and make throwaway accounts to brigade opposing subreddits while parroting their talking points.
It is a phrase coined from a 1920s play of the same name in which a guy slightly lowers the gas in the lamp of their house each day. His wife begins to notice things getting darker but he denies it and acts like she's being crazy. After time, continuing to trust him over her observations she begins to question her sense and perception of reality.
[removed]
Vote.
Real Eric Hoffer's "The True Believer".
Read up on VPNs and how to protect your identity from doxxing first and foremost. Speak out against it like on twitter with tagged sponsors and advertisers. While i generally hate boycotting, you can’t change these peoples minds, only the amount of income they can use against you in development.
AOC said to protest.  Quit working and stand on the street, I guess. :)
Are we still allowed to say boogaloo? Or will that get us banned?
Have you seen the way 'people with knowledge of programming and computers' have been acting these last few years? Who do you think works at Google? Apple? Facebook? Pinterest? Microsoft? Reddit?
It doesn't matter.  A video that is a fake will make the headlines, and get burned into the memory of the viewers.A side article on the back page saying "video proven fake" will never be read.

The media has operated for decades on this principle.
Gotcha, thanks. I was looking at the date in the upper right corner. Makes sense though, I was here at the time.
it's been in the works all along.
It's called lying. This forum deserved the shit it's getting. We are here by as bad as the left with our shit.
not fake - it states so in original post, and a date is in upper right corner clearly marking it as an older screenshot.

They have been editing us and censoring us for FOUR YEARS
Not fake, relevant RIGHT NOW - and stated in original post

https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/5emcnm/reddit_admin_chat_log_has_been_leaked_and_it/

http://archive.is/to2HU
I do think we have tumultuous times ahead for our nation, but so long as even a handful of patriots are willing to fully exercise constitutional rights we'll be ok, at least in the long term.
Yep!  I would love to see our true numbers, I’m sure we blow every sub out of the water daily!!
That's correct and they down vote everything, too.

Recall this, what is done to others, will be done to them. When the Karma evil comes, they will have shit sandwiches for every meal. And they will not be employed.
What information did he have that could lead to the arrest of Hillary Clinton?
Last I heard, some Chinese company bought Reddit.
Joe and Mao the same, or shot, or beaten to death, or worked to death in gulags or reeducation camps. Aren't collectivists grand?
That's why you should go to Voat.
Very interesting. I had no idea that this had happened, and I was very interested in participating in that lead on Voat.
the poster of this is just talking about the first time reddit was caught editing messages which happened to come with proof from chat logs.  Also, you will see the chat logs mention "necromancy in the wh with Hillary" and spirit cooking.  Spirit cooking was the first widespread thing that saw suppression literally everywhere on the internet, and its been written by a lot (and is true).  What isn't usually mentioned is that the media matters founder is gay, and one of his boyfriends was involved in it.   
.   
Also, if you read a little below, you'll find me saying the necromancy/channeling the dead by Hillary in the WH posts were probably mine, and they probably were.  It's another scandal that is true they like to cover up.   
.   
This particular quarantine was placed for no reason, just an excuse to politically suppress.  Poster is only going back to when we were first aware they were doing it.  They've been secretly shadow banning and censoring posts for two years.
You are right on all counts - but the complaint is chain of evidence, so at least we have that out there.  Who knows?  Perhaps someday we will look back on thise day as the day that saved Free Speech in America - and you were part of it!  Thank you <3
Thank you so much! I notified the mods, and sent links.  I hope this will encourage others to check their accounts for unauthorised access - these are HACKS!
To be clear, this is re-hashing the old event that you're referencing right now. It's not new; it's bringing it up again because if the admins want a fight, we still have proof of them performing this shit.
LOL, why would they stop that? Are you high?
U tha Man! We ALL Tha MAN!
Yes I do - I no longer expect 'the GOP' or anyone to do anything for us - except Trump - and WE got him elected without any help from them.
It's in the screenshot itself
Screenshot of my profile from data, with a message to the mod who released it -

https://m.imgur.com/U94HDY1

Screenshot of comments alluding to the incidents in question: 

https://m.imgur.com/U94HDY1

http://imgur.com/sNOJS17
No, it's good you ask questions.  <3
If this was a government forum I'd agree with you
they have been editing us for four years - they never stopped.
How dare you come in here and ask logical questions. BAKE EM AWAY TOYS
His username is spez.
How do we know it doesn't? No action was taken, no safeguards out in place, and the CEO still has access to our accounts.
Still against reddit TOS.
I'm glad you wanted to talk, and I want to say thank you for being civil <3 When the DNC rolled over Bernie and stole the election from him,  I asked myself, "why should I ever believe the press or the DNC again?"  The Corporate Oligarchs and minions stifled all dissent at the Democratic Convention.   I began to look at all the lies they told to get Hillary Clinton elected, and I vowed to vote for the person these liars hated the most. 

That person was Donald Trump. And I asked "why do they hate him?"  and I began to seek the Truth. and now, **I spend my days trying to make sure the truth is heard, and the voice of the common men and women are not silenced.**

You hate him because you have been lied to, you have been used.  Yet here we are, talking to each other.   I am glad you asked... seek the truth with your own eyes, and stop listening to those who only want their own power.  You have already started, because you took the time to talk to me tonight, a woman you don't even know, and you treated me with dignity,  And I thank you for allowing me that moment of humanity.  

THIS is what they are trying to silence... us.  You, and me.
[removed]
You think sex is cringe?  No wonder you thought we'd all go crazy from a copy pasta about sex.  Sex is fun - not  cringe.  Silly Wabbit.
Until Apple or Google threaten to pull your app from the market for not censoring free speech...
Telegram or discord
Go to Voat  


They're pretty intense, but it's a place you can hang out and speak your mind and not get shadow banned.
I, for one, have not.
[deleted]
Lol you can go into any thread on reddit about someone getting shot by police and there are probably a hundred replies talking about how the police really so deserve to die. 

Any leftist sub talks about killing and eating the rich too ALL the time.
Weirdly enough their splc arm againsthatesubreddits hates cops, very weird that the internet police rant against cops all day long and we get quarantined for an anti cop post🤔
> You would have to be severely naive to not see what's going on here.

 My friend... you’re on reddit. These fuckers are plain stupid. Pardon my brashness.
This guy doesn't even post here. Whole story checks out.

This is why I'm no longer worried about the 2020 election.
I actually don't agree with Dolan that much but this is insane.
I’m all for those fake accounts being banned for spreading that. 

That would be so easy to do. I hate the tin foil hat but how easy would it be for the delusional left to come up with an idea to come on here and fake a big story like that and then news picks it up 2 days ago and then we get a quarantine for the exact story. I’m not saying this could happen it’s a possibility as we are very big on pro police and I’ve never seen any calls for violence but this happens. Very weird. 

However Streisand Effect full force. We gained so many people who never about us and people who had been here but never commented decided to comment for show of support.
>Trying to cover something up just makes more people interested in seeing what it was.

Streissand effect in action
He won't, even the NBC page is almost exclusively Pro-Trump and Anti-Dem.

Americans of all walks of life are waking up, and it's fucking beautiful.
Everything you just said is correct. This is what leads to the rise of stuff like /pol/
>What you should be afraid off, is that this tactic WORKS

You shouldn't be afraid of any of this stupid bullshit. They act like our digital persona's are us, and through this digital realm they can control us. They can smugface all god damn day long about it on the internet but at the end of it... I'm the one pulling the lever IRL. 

&#x200B;

The internet is a god damned illusion. ALL of it. Illusionary struggles for illusionary power. In the morning I'm going to get up, put my suit on, go to the office, trade stocks and shitpost. Fuck em. What are they gonna do? Stop me from voting? Attack me? Call my boss? 

&#x200B;

Fuck this bullshit dual society. Fuck the social credit system. You aren't your digital you. Hang. Up. The. Phone. These shitheads only have power because we gave it to them. This internet is literally the shadow realm, with shadow masters, and shadow rules that aren't bound by ours or any other constitution. It is LITERALLY a one world government of digital identities.
It's true. Leftists have no dick.
They want unlimited power to crush anyone who is not woke. That's us. The whole bill of rights was designed to prevent tyranny, and the left is busy disassembling it as fast as they can. Freedom of religion? Nope. Freedom of speech? nope. Guns? Absolutely not. Search and seizure? That's long gone. #Spygate. That Google leaker in the latest Veritas video is right -- this is 1984 stuff. Reddit, Google, Twitter, they are all populated by the same woke engineers. Revolving door between companies.

While those same spaghetti arm people are laughable when out in the street LARPing as a Communist vanguard...when behind the keyboard inside their monopolistic extremely rich companies...they are terrifyingly dangerous.
True that.
No, but once a sub is banned any type of sub inspired by the previous one will be banned. And spez is a scummy enough person to go ahead and do just that. Trying to stretch reddit rules even harder than they're already trying to stretch the constituion.
>anyone who can get him alone in a room can convince him of anything and nothing he says can be certain as he changes his mind more often than underwear 

Think carefully: can you think of any issues big where he has completely changed his mind? His positions seem very constant, despite whatever that guy said without evidence. If anybody could convince him of anything, wouldn't the Democrats have had more luck changing his mind on things?

>he has used his role as president to rake in millions if not billions already

He takes no salary, donating all his presidential income to a different federal service each quarter. His net worth has fallen from $3.7 billion (its peak, and rising at the time) before the election to $3.1 billion now. He's clearly not doing this out of greed because it's damaging to him personally. He's doing this because he loves America and wants to serve it.

>He is no better or worse than any other president usa has had in a very long time. They are all rotton and corrupt, the banks are above the law and run everything. Now Google has also gained massive political control and no one in the government that can do anything about it ever will. 

Except for the first four words, you've outlined most of the reasons that people here support him. We're especially concerned Google and the banks, but Trump is proof that they can be fought against. Google, the rest of Silicon Valley, the open-border banks, and the whole media were determined to have Trump lose the election -- and somehow, he beat them! Now they're doubling down. You want to beat Google? Then beat them! Trump 2020!
Look up Sesame Credit. Basically it influences your rewards and privileges in real life based on user input from other people, to the point where if you are a social pariah freedoms may be restricted. It is VERY dystopian.
Not working enough in the gulag? No food or transportation for you. The Chinese model is THE globalist model of human control. The American Dream of individualism is dead under the communist system.
Welp..Google whom recivees American Government benefits..is working with China to bring about a Behavior Cage for its People
"Nosedive"
So fucking stupid. Drives me nuts.

THEY ARE FUCKING COMMIES YOU RETARDS
Yeah but they loved Islamic terrorists, censorship, gun control, etc... and I'm not sure there were many "transsexuals" in WW2 Germany, it's a pretty new phenomenon on this scale.  I don't think we have to call them Nazis... but fascist communists would be pretty accurate.
They were leftists, violent socialists who opposed communism. They’re all sick
Or, you know, get it to the GEOTUS himself...
Muh hur dur?  -boomers
[removed]
I thought gaslighting was when you try to convince someone that they're crazy
It depend's on how well the voting machine hacks will be this election.
Even more importantly: Make two people you know understand what is going on in the world. If those two then goes on to convince two others, you have a true snowball rolling.

That's pretty much what happened in 2016. People talking to each other in real life. We have to, because the online world is completely manipulated. But they cannot anytime soon manipulate me talking to my brother-in-law or a colleague at work.
Voting won't change a damn thing! It doesn't matter what idiot from the uniparty gets elected, its still the uniparty.
and organized protest, which I now have to specify "peaceful" lest the admins get power hungry with context.
The sub is going to be banned. At this point though, our movement can't be stopped. It's like turning off the engine on a car going 120MPH 60 feet from it's destination.
I agree in this instance. There's a point to be made but be upfront about the context of the evidence.
That date is the date the chat channel was created, not the date the chat took place or the screenshot was taken.
It's almost like we need to stop the import of millions of people who have zero desire to uphold the constitution....
As of Jan 2018 about a quarter of USA uses reddit (75 million?) I'll take a calculated guess that perhaps a quarter of USA people positively liked Trump (others don't care/vote/read enough), and perhaps to 1/10 to one quarter of people who care about your own country would have subscribed (or would subscrive if reddit haven't suppressed it).

&#x200B;

At the lowest estimate  number that's 1.75 million Americans that should be subscribers, add in people are other countries and that shall be over 2 million. (The highest "reasonable" number might be over 5 million) Many Japanese and Indians (based people) loves Trump I heard.
Candle Jack is Hillary Clinton confir...
Fuck now we'll never know!
Tencent. One of the biggest Chinese companies.
I’m not opposed to collectivism. Collectivism is the only way to win. All of our enemies are collectivized, and they have managed to convince us that the way to win is to remain atomized and individualistic.
Ty sir.  That gives me some extra points to research. 

Just trying to make sure im well informed before forming an opinion.
Im an aussie, but what affects the usa will affect me in australia, we share ancestry and culture, we've shed blood together on the battlefield fighting for the same ideals, we have a pretty much nothing but american tv and 50/50 music, we've influenced each others laws both good and bad (damn those gun bans here in oz, I hope they dont go any further with the usa and stop using us as some bs example for gun laws in the usa) from each other's experience's, and with israel folau an australian tongan mormon christian being harangued by christianphobic cultural marxists they are red pilling the dormant christians here and showing them what their future has in stall if they don't stand up for free speech and our way of life.

We are going to win, no doubt about it, during ww2 as Admiral Yamamoto said ''I fear we have awoken a sleeping giant'' when he referenced attacking america and pearl harbour, I believe the same to be true for the christians, these people are playing the most extreme case of "don't poke the bear".
Ahhh okay
That's true, but we weren't banned from ALL social media in 2016. Now we basically, are.
[removed]
[deleted]
Is there any proof it never stopped or that it was going on before 2016? I've seen you post that spez has continued to edit comments this entire time but never any evidence?
Actually I just really liked "bake em away toys"... but yeah the date is in the screenshot and the archive - it's tough to read on a mobile device though.  Unfortunately, it has to be loaded in context, or it will become 'edited'. 

http://archive.is/to2HU
[removed]
[removed]
 you can sideload with Android plus there are other stores you can install besides Google's Play app.   The thing about Android is that even though Google owns it its still open source so they cant really do much in secret when it comes to the OS
Because web browsers are too high tech. Are bookmarks unable to be icon'd on Android/iPhone?
discord doxxes conservatives
mewe, gab, steemit, voice (coming soon [https://voice.com/](https://voice.com/))
I heard that suggestion back in the Pao days when fph got killed. It is a fucking cess pool. And I was there for a long time probably a few years. Basically left Reddit entirely. It was how crazy voat can be that made me come back to something more reasonable, like this dom.

There might be some cool back alleys, but wow. It has basically always seemed to me like what the left thinks the right is.
Just went through your post history, I believe you might actually be insane and not just trolling, either that or you’re very dedicated to your craft, I hope you can find help.
This. I've seen really vile and violent comments on redacted , they get zero censorship .
Seriously. They do it all the time and nobody bats an eye. The commie subreddits encourage actual beatings and nothing.
I’ve literally seen this dozens of times on fightporn and blackpeopletwitter.
Full disclosure: Even though I consider myself an independent I've voted Democrat my entire life. In 2016 I voted for Bernie before he went full on socialist. I even phone banked for his campaign.

But in the last 4 years everyone on the left have lost their damn minds. Everywhere you look there are activists calling for violence against people with a different opinion, supporting the dehumanization and deplatforming of those who simply don't kneel to the hive mind, corporations that want to subvert our government and instill a dystopian regime where they get to control what we can say or think.

I just finished watching the democratic debate and most of them were in support of repealing our constitutional rights to free speech and to bear arms. I just can't support a party like that even if I disagree with some Republican ideals. 

I love this country and I want a president who will put Americans first. Not a globalist that wants to open the borders for no other reason than to signal how righteous they are but would never allow these "migrants" to live near them. 

I'll probably be voting for Trump next year.
I pray that you are right, but trust that the left is going to put 100% of their power behind this election cycle. They will lie, cheat, steal, and kill to get their way. We ALL need to do our part and volunteer at polling places to prevent these fucks from their usual tactics.
That’s true if they deem the subs theme to be in violation, sexualizing underage girls, being mean to fat people, frogposting etc

Supporting the sitting president of the United States doesn’t violate any of that and if they were to ban the biggest fan site for our president they’d absolutely cuck themselves to death, that type of uproar would get them all fired and Condé Nast offloading this website faster than you can imagine.
Trump constantly says one thing and then does a complete 180: https://www.daytondailynews.com/news/donald-trump-changes-his-mind/bvY8JIAdkiEJ3qWLwdqICL/ that source is shit but its clips of direct words trump says so is still the truth, just happens to be the first one I know is not lies in a quick search, 3am and bed time so writing this quickly.

That guy is Matt Taibbi who has written several books on bank and government corruption and has a very good reputation for telling the truth, he also wrote several articles on Trump and is one of the few people to write about trump after actually being present at several events and spending a lot of time studying Trump, he has some really interesting stuff about a lot of subjects I recommend any of his books, the one about drug dealing is the first and to my knowledge only thing he has written not 100% factual based (and he says its part fiction up front). He has done a lot of work exposing banks for many crimes and corruption.

Trump has also massively profited from presidency, his netwoth, like many rich people means nothing since they claim losses as tax write offs and shelter/hide the majority of their real net worth in multiple legal but sketchy ways 

https://www.cheatsheet.com/money-career/all-the-ways-trump-cashes-in-on-the-u-s-presidency.html/


Google is the symptom of a larger problem, one that Trump has not and never will mention, to be fair no president, especially a businessman ever will since it would be political suicide and probably end up being "real suicide" cia style.

The entire way all banks and any large company operate are the root cause of most issues in most countries and are slowly enslaving everyone through debt no one will ever pay off in their lifetime. They also directly and indirectly pay for the vast majority of all lobbying money anyone in office, gets. They for years now blatantly commit fraud and several federal crimes and get off with joke fines and no criminal charges. If you want to get angry Google the Jefferson county swap scandal and or watch this: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VwcpOithag0 

Trump has not, and will never mention the ladder of what I just said, unless USA rips down the entire government from top to bottom, and start holding banks legally accountable and running them like the utilities they were meant to be nothing will ever be done about it. 

People are too busy focused on smoke and mirrors like immigration and marijuana than focusing on the real shit that is actually killing USA, mainly because the only way to go forward at this point is to take massive steps backwards and no one will ever admit or propose that who matters.
Is it formally called Zhima Credit?
"Do not worry, Facebook Money will be a force for good".

Disregard Zuckerbucks, buy BTC.
Damn.  Big Bird and Oscar the Grouch would NOT be happy about this. This is not the kind of credit they lobbied for.
They adopted it from the North Koreans so they’re in good company...
I’ve seen that episode of Black Mirror.
I mean...they are literally two decades behind because US has been using FICO score since 1989.
Arent they gonna test it in Venezuela? Remember reading it here
Like in that Black Mirror episode "Nosedive"?
American Individualism is already dead. The Left has murdered it. It’s no use wishing it back or thinking that we can carry forward the “torch of Liberty.” That fire’s gone out. The only option now is to fight for a world in which we and our children might not be slaves. We can call that freedom if we like but it’s a pale imitation of what this nation once stood for. It’s all we got left. The situation is desperate.
Careful, you’ll just get comment after comment saying how they’re fascist no matter what they call themselves. Nevermind emphasizing trying to battle using their own popularly coined terms puts us at a disadvantage and makes us look like a giant “no u” group, instead of pointing out their authoritarian left behavior on its own terms. Nope. Easier to just say “muh fascism.”
They own every socio-economic institution in the United States—with the only partial exception of the evangelical churches. Their power is limitless. Their desire to use that power is unconstrained by conscience.
their's really not that much differences for either one, they are both evil and have a huge ass kill count
[removed]
>Dörchen Richter, one of the first transgender patients to receive sex reassignment surgery at the Institute, and Lili Elbe.[46] Richter had been born Rudolf Richter and being arrested for cross-dressing had come to the institute for help.[49] Hirschfeld had coined the term transvestite in 1910 to describe what today would be called transgender people, and the institution became a haven for transgender people, where Hirschfeld offered them shelter from abuse, performed surgeries, and gave otherwise unemployable transgender people jobs, albeit of a menial type, mostly as "maids".[50]

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Magnus_Hirschfeld

Hitler set back the tranny crap by at least 40-50 years by his eradication of the Institut für Sexualwissenschaft(dedicated to promoted sexual degeneracy) and persecution of the abnormal degenerates who sought to destroy morality and who are now in power in the west.
I tweeted @ him about this already, I suggest everyone else do the same.
He has a thick deep state defensive line surrounding him. A media embargo for those that speak the truth.
This. Why, daddy Trump, why?!?!?
Not like the presidents got a lot going on right now with g20, I ran, the border, the dems and media, and china. Fuck off concern trolling
So why are you asking what gaslighting is if you already know?
Just remember that those same people can easily do the opposite as well.
Nah, if Hillary were president right now, things would be much worse. The orwellian future so many of us predict may be on the way regardless but voting for Trump will slow it down, and hopefully stop it dead in its tracks.
Unfortunately we are still in /r/The_donald, but you're on the money.
They will go down with us.
You and everyone and the destination dies?
True - archive shows date archived - Nov. 24,2016. For some reason , my timestamp didn't translate. Fortunately, there is 'provenance' with articles threads, and archives. 

https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3982922/Reddit-CEO-Steve-Huffman-regrets-editing-Trump-supporters-comments.html

https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/5emcnm/reddit_admin_chat_log_has_been_leaked_and_it/
http://archive.is/to2HU
Individuals can work together in a community, but the value of the community needs to be comprised of the value of the individuals, as opposed to suppressing the individual
that is precisely what we need here!
Here is the entire archive of thenchatlog.  Spez is Steve Huffman, the CEO of Reddit. 

http://archive.is/to2HU
In the legal sense, no. Unless it was used maybe in court or something. I'm not saying it's a good thing though
Huffman still has never been reprimanded, and he still has access to our accounts:

https://news.yahoo.com/reddit-quarantines-pro-trump-message-231403127.html

> While the quarantining of The_Donald may defuse the current controversy, it’s unlikely to keep the subreddit from being a lightening rod. **Earlier this month, CEO Steve Huffman and Oregon Sen. Ron Wyden staged a joint Q&A**with Reddit users, during which Wyden said, “The_Donald is home to messages that cross the line toward inciting the hatred that is eroding our democracy and it would be good to see Mr. Huffman and Reddit to do more work to moderate such behavior.”

> **Huffman replied that Reddit had removed several moderators of The_Donald in recent years**. “We watch them closely,” he wrote. “I wish there was a solution that was as simple as banning the community—certainly it would make some things easier—but the reality is that banning a large political community that isn’t in violation of our policies would be hugely problematic, not just for Reddit, but for our democracy generally.”
Most people outside this sub are degenerates, brain damaged cretins, or outright paid shills.

I'm not concerned what they think should happen, they think kids should strip at drag clubs for grown men ffs.
Because I remember Aaron Swartz, and I fight to honour HIS memory. I can't bear to see his vision die.

https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=DQRyt6h49VU
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3982922/Reddit-CEO-Steve-Huffman-regrets-editing-Trump-supporters-comments.html
Ya I guess that makes sense. If you know how to allow installs and downloads from 3rd parties and can find the .apk. the problem is that most people won't know anything about that. And unless you're jailbroken I don't know if there's a way to do that on apple.
I did not know that
Let em doxx me, I'm an old guy that really don't care, work in the trades with pretty conservative people, and if the SHTF, I'll just dip out and say "screw it, I'm living on my river camp, and the rest of the world can burn for all I care".
I am curious, do they actively search for people using keywords in any servers or do they specifically look for new conservative focused servers? I talk about Trump all the time to my buddies who probably couldn't care less, they're supporters just much less so. It's a gaming server though.
Are you sure? What evidence do you have of this?
The only thing I don't like ab out Steemit is it's stricly posting, no subs that I can tell. Though I do hope the platform succeeds, I have made a few steembucks off some gaming posts I have written.
Not to mention the rampant anti semitism
This boy took the red pill. Have a coat, have a brick, and hop on the Trump train.

They took our bots too.
2018 should have been a wake up call to US. THEY WILL STEAL IT! VOTER FRAUD. Unless our DOJ under Barr makes sure of election integrity.
Yes, hopefully I'll have time to volunteer
> Trump has also massively profited from presidency, his netwoth, like many rich people means nothing since they claim losses as tax write offs and shelter/hide the majority of their real net worth in multiple legal but sketchy ways

Wouldn't he have been doing this *before* as well, then? The added publicity might have benefited him in some ways, but overall it has of course hurt him financially. He's lost $600,000,000 so far. Hardly "raking it in".

> People are too busy focused on smoke and mirrors like immigration and marijuana than focusing on the real shit that is actually killing USA, mainly because the only way to go forward at this point is to take massive steps backwards and no one will ever admit or propose that who matters.

What sort of things do you mean are actually killing the US? What would you like addressed? Immigration might be a big issue but I don't think many Trump supporters care in the slightest about marijuana really.
No it's called your Google Score
>~~Zuckerbucks~~ CuckBucks^TM

Fixed this for you
"Sorry, you've been reported for wrongthink.  We've suspended your access to your Zuckerbucks for 30 days".
FICO is based on money usage—speed to pay back, average available line of credit, etc.—this is based on political views, respect for authority, how much your neighbors like you. Completely different criteria.
Is authoritarian okay?
I'm saying that a "transsexual" wasn't exactly something anyone really approved of back then, nor were they nearly as commonplace as they are now.  I'm sure they were just bundled in with gays at the time.  No Islamist attacks happened in Germany, that's what I mean... Germany allied with many Islamic nations as they had a shared goal of exterminating the Jews.  There's a book called "Gun Control in the Third Reich" you should check out, a quick summary: 
A year before Adolf Hitler took power in 1933, the German Interior Minister directed that gun registration records be made secure to keep them from falling “into the hands of radical elements.” His efforts proved futile: the records fell into the hands of the Nazi government, which used them to disarm its political enemies and the Jews. By 1938, the Nazis had deprived Jews of the rights of citizenship and were ratcheting up measures to strip them of their assets—including the means to defend themselves. The horrific consequences have names etched in our consciousness: “The Night of Broken Glass” (Kristallnacht) and the Holocaust.  I don't like the left anymore than you do but there are certainly commonalities between the Nazi's goals and the goals of the left.
Yeah but Trump's is the living Juggernaut. Nothing stops him once he gets going.
Juju gum
I don't *know* that's why I said I *thought* I knew. Seems like a made up word for libs to get emotional.
It comes down to 2020, then 2024, then 2028. We have to pray we get a decent Republican candidate who won't just sell us out.
The tree is diseased. You uproot the tree and plant another.
A return to sanity might be worse than death for some leftists.
[removed]
But orange man bad! So son-in-law and granddaughter of orange man bad!! :/
Yeah, it's like people think all the illegals voting, the dead voters still on voter rolls, and the electronic voting machines OWNED BY F*CKING SOROS are going t disappear because Trump is in office...
Would be a fun excercize to see how low you can get your Google score. It's like verse karma being a badge of courage.
*user fails to pay rent because of wrongthink*
"You have 17 Zuckerbucks"

"But I had 34 before you suspended my account."

"You have 17 Zuckerbucks"

"oh ok feelsbadman"
Actually Sesame score IS mostly based on transactions. You borrow money and give it back you gain credit. From the published rating criteria it is literally copied from FICO except the personal identification (15%) and social connection (5%). Personal ID is just info from police department to confirm your identity. Social connection is basically if you pay/receive funds with low credit people you will get lower credit score.
Only if you enjoy systems employing such means typically under despots, or glorify the existence Starship Troopers was making fun of.
Nazis  were left. Just not communists. Most left wing extremists cracked down on homosexuality, other races and anything deemed against the needs and goals of the revolution. So nazis played the same handbook that Stalin , Che and Mao all played out, they just played the game for themselves to win, not the “glorious revolution”
OMG! This sounds like Violent Speak! 


Your hatred and subtle, violent threats targeting trees is now **QuARanTinEd**, you rapist!!!
'#treelivesmatter
Spicy!
I would imagine it will be hard to figure out who posted what, since HE hacked the accounts.
Oh, I guess I misunderstood the system, then. My mistake.
You all saw it
Since when?  I've never seen threats against police in here.
ChapoTrapHouse does that a lot, didnd't see them getting quarantined though.
Just in time for the Democrat Debates tonight....
They quarantine the Donald for threats of violence against the police, yet Chapo Trap House and Late Stage Capitalism are free to go? Have you SEEN the way they talk about law enforcement on those subs? What a joke!
It's all Kabuki theater and they know it.  The Admins are leftists and can't stand our presence here.  It's an excuse with no evidence, virtually everyone here respects our police.  r/ politics is 100 times more threatening to people.

This is about the 2020 election and big tech is being openly obvious that they will censor all non-left thought.
This is one of the most pro police subs around. Absolute joke.
I'm thinking about going to the subs with the usual suspects, looking for anti cop posts and reporting them all. They're not even that hard to find elsewhere, but I have never seen any undeserved cop hate here.
Shills posting anti-cop shit to get us quarantined, no way a TD fan is against the blue, complete bullshit..  If reddit wants anti-police just go to any leftist sub, try to post pro-police in any of the antifags subs..  fuck this.
32 removed comments in 4 weeks. Out of how many hundreds of thousands of comments.

If t_D is shuttered I hope you all join me to participate in lively political discussion in other large political boards in support of our president.
[I joined BECAUSE OF the quarantine](https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/c5s84b/its_happened_we_are_now_quarantined_communist/es41uq6/).

Go blue.

[~~Orange Man Bad~~](https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/c5s84b/its_happened_we_are_now_quarantined_communist/es481i5/).
WE LOVE THE POLICE!!!
Straight out of Allinsky rules for radicals
Proud of our men and women in blue. This quarantine is a total sham. They just dont want our memes to go mainstream during tonights dem debacle, i mean debate.
"Not my type."
Lies!
I am a law enforcement officer. How about looking at any of the myriad of liberal subs that despise us. Those aren't quarantined. More lies from the left. It's all they can do
Never seen an anti cop post in here but remember loads of blue lives matter stuff
There are anti police posts at the top of all from a bunch of different subs every single day on reddit.
Classical liberal here. Well I subbed today because of this, I always subscribe to those who are censored for political beliefs.
I've seen more threats against police in /politics/ than here.  As a law enforcement professional I really am scared about some of the stuff I've read over there.  Ive emailed the site admins saying as much.
The only pro-cop sub on reddit advocates violence against police?

Fuck you propagandist scum. You may have absolute power here but you won't win.
As I sit in Henderson, Nevada I recognize this photo of the Henderson PD
Listen, they're typical leftists. They make a claim with ZERO proof (or "proof" that's either twisted or taken out of context) and then they silence you based on that bullshit claim.  

We really should have seen that coming.
I think it's hilarious that the BLM and disgusting fucking pinko subs can masturbate furiously to dead cop fantasies while sockpuppets here are used to justify a quarantine. 

# They're ***TERRIFIED*** of us because we're effective, not because of any violation of arbitrarily defined/enforced rules. We scare them because we broke their conditioning. End of.
If this sub was anti LEO or anti military, NONE OF US WOULD BE HERE.
The blue is true. Just ask antifa! Hahahaha!
Correct me if I’m wrong, but it’s the left who’ve been actually KILLNG police officers....
I think it was the send bachelors stuff
Once the Donald gets taken off Reddit, I’ll never be back. This is the least hateful subreddit on the site
Literally the only subreddit that doesn't call for violence against police.
Wait what? This is literally one of the only subreddits that praise the police, I see police hate almost everywhere on reddit besides here
It’s laughable that Reddit suddenly cares about violent speech against police. Every other comment on CTH is calling for violence against the police or rich people. What hypocritical cunts.
As we've seen from the absurd Law & Order rape story, leftists are not very good at making up plausible stories.
My theory is that Sarah Sanders was unknowing to us, protecting this place.
Projection at its finest. They openly advocate harm to police, we do not. Yet they blame us for it. Complete bullshit.
Easily the most pro police sub on Reddit.
Pretty stupid.

To the contrary, whenever I've seen anything even borderline you usually have members telling people not to post that kind of crap.

The censorship is getting out of hand.

The good news? It drags people like me who are traditionally not very politically active into the fight.

If this is what reddit, Twitter and Facebook want to do, congress should pull their lawsuit exemptions. They only have these exemptions because they testified they were essentially the public square and didn't edit  content.

Now that they have shown they are for profit publishers and not the public square that encourages free speech they should be subject to the same lawsuits other publishers are.
As someone who works in the area of law enforcement, I can tell you that T_D is the most pro-police / LEO sub on Reddit.

The vast majority of commentary outside T_D is flat out aggressive towards police if not hateful and violent.

This is the thinnest excuse they could find.
Love the blue.
hate against police is liberal/antifa mindset not conservatives.

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

fake news  fake account bs
This has got to be the most pro-police and first responder sub there is.  I have never seen an offensive or threatening post, other than the rare, random shill making a post that gets reported right away.
I visit the Donald every single day for over a year.  Not once have I ever seen this.  If there was anything along these lines it was someone pointing out the leftists seething hatred for our officers and our country.
We are one of the most pro-police major Reddit forums out there.  

LAW AND ORDER. 

I may disagree with a governor forcing her police to be her own goon squad to force protesting lawmakers to participate in a vote they wish to boycott.  Sending men with guns after lawmakers who don’t agree to participate with one’s agenda seems a little authoritarian to me.

But this community has been one of the most pro-police voices on Reddit.  How disgusting that admins would try to claim that we are the opposite.  

Leftists project their own failures and sins onto others!
The only people I see inciting and calling for violence against police are BLM and antifa.
Thanks, reddit. I don't care about Trump all that much but if you're gonna play the speech police, then I simply must be here
Just joined because of the quarantine.  Fuck reddit.
Anyone willingly signing up to get shot at in defense of people they have never met has my respect by default.  Same goes for EMT and Firemen, thankfully they don't get shot at as much, but they still have my respect by virtue of the sacrifices they make for others.
100% lie. At least they could come up with a plausible lie.
We don't attack the cops, antifa does though.
They are so bad at framing people. It's like they take zero time to think up a plan. Violence against the law and people following it? That's the opposite of what this sub is about. Obvious frame. Well guess what reddit, you just pissed off a very large group of people who live to shit post. This website is about to be annoyed.
We love our cops don’t we folks?

But Chapos are always talking about killing cops.
Anyone whose been around Reddit knows right leaning subs would never have any beef with law enforcement. 




Now there has been anger toward DOJ but even then it’s made perfectly clear that it’s the cucks at the top that are problem. For example The FBI brass, not hard working field agents.
I'm new to this subreddit and am visiting in solidarity. I imagine this "quarantine" was either the result of posts by antifa/anti-police leftist types or leftist fake accounts designed to sabotage the forum.
It's a vicious, ugly lie. I'm a cop and have never seen anything but love from the dom. It's a pretext without evidence.
We all spot the fake accounts, it's easy. 

Aside from holding police accountable, which is perfectly reasonable, we by and large support police across the board. 

Oh reddit, we see through you, you liberals are transparent.
Reddit: Fuck Tha police

T_D: Is blueman as bad as they purport him to be?
I hope they didn't pull a muscle with that stretch.
If Reddit is a platform and not a publisher, then the mods cannot be held responsible for what users post on the_donald either. Reddit is admitting they are a publisher.
This SUB is the biggest promoter of Law Enforcement on Reddit - Period.
What the heck!? I never post just lurk, but this made me absolutely furious that I just had to come out of the woodwork. Geezus, threats against police are more of the far far left play deck.
100% guarantee a liberal account made those comments
This is 1984 levels of misdirection.

&#x200B;

It's too easy for ANYBODY to come in here, post one thing that violates reddit standards, and then immediately report themselves with a proxy account. 

&#x200B;

If hate, violence, and threats against police are the threshold, why aren't every sub from world news to /politics to /redacted to /twox also quarantined?

&#x200B;

This is a blatant political maneuver, and those celebrating this as some form of justice should be absolutely ashamed of themselves.
Liberals literally shoot cops and the Donald reddit quarantined for threats against cops?? What kind of dumb logic is that!
I work for cbp and have always felt welcomed here. One of the only subreddits I can say that about.
Ohh then they must be quarantining chapo too right?!?!
We will not be silenced.
What in the hell is going on... I have never seen an anti-police comment on here. This smells of BS.
Well you have to remember that Antifa is the police force that Reddit recognizes.
I have never seen posted about the police here except positive comments
It’s blatantly obvious that this was just a set up. They’re getting desperate. Of course when you’re  an unemployed parasite living on welfare you have time to do this. Nothing they do will change the fact that they’re fundamentally nothing more than that. Sad.
WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?!? Fucking fakes news bullshit again... Sick of the fucking left fascist
What is funny about this is they are the ones calling for violence towards Cops, ICE, Border Patrol
Thousands of police and soldiers on this sub. If there were threats against police I guaranty the poster would have been slammed.
I really only lurk here from time to time, but when I looked for The_donald sub in my subbed list it was gone. And now I need to opt-in to look at the sub. Seems pretty clear that reddit dont want people subbed to The_donald.
My mind is reeling that this forum was Quarantined for something that I have NEVER seen here. We might be one of the most pro-police forums around. Im so disgusted at the blatant attempts to vilify and isolate this community. I take heart knowing that the only reason that it's happening is because WE ARE WINNING!!! They will not silence us. They will not stop us. We will continue to support the GEOTUS and we will do everything in our power to stop America's slide into socialism.
I'm from a police family, I would never be a member of a board that was hostile to police.
guaranteed it was media matters who made an account and posted the comment. MODS. ask spez to show you the usernames and the comments posted and i guarantee you its a fake account
Every single time I defend law enforcement in any other sub I get the same answer:

"Well you post in the The_Donald, so go back to your racist little Nazi friends!"

Every Fucking Time!
As a “boy in blue”, got to say I have never felt threatened by any post I have read on T_D.
Actually, r/The_Donald is what got me thinking about going into law enforcement. Once the thought really grew, I reached out to some contacts, quit teaching, and start BLET this August.
I check this sub like 6 times a day and I have *never* seen calls to violence of any sort. 

any other sort of cunty behavior is immediately downvoted/removed from here.

commies runnin' the internet now or something man
It's so bogus, they say we would incite violence oh, heck no. Just a bunch of Patriots loving our country our president and freedom. It's called censorship guys! It's the only shot they have in 2020, band together Maga
Operation false flag is always an option for the censorious Left.
We've been smolletted.  Fake news attack by violent leftist shills.  Censoring millions on The Donald?  They are losers.  We win!
Everything about the leftist reich is lies
I am an Honorably retired law enforcement officer. I love my country, my President, and this community. I am reasonably suspicious this group will not be allowed to exist through the upcoming election cycle, as we are the resistance to their liberal dystopia.  I hope someone more internet savy than I can come of with a collective exit strategy before we are evicted and scattered to the wind.
Isn't Chapo the place where they threaten cops all the time?
**I pray that POTUS somehow can fight back for us**

I know even the police will be shocked, because this is the place that loves law enforcement and the real rule of law!

Please oh righteous father God, place Thy hedge of protection around our community here, lest they steal this place of peace and truth, that brings Glory to thee; Amen.
> Most recently the violations have included threats of violence against police and public officials.

I feel like they accidentally quarantined the wrong sub, considering a certain communist sub that's full of users regularly threatening to kill cops/billionaires/politicians has had zero repercussions...
This is further proof that the internet that we once knew it is absolutely doomed. You can't even say anything that goes against a minority because they scrutinise it into a completely different meaning. I am just glad that they did not fully delete the subreddit altogether.
Biggest load of bullshit. This sub respects the fuck out of the police officers more than any other sub. This is blatant bullshit, right in your face bullshit. The normies won't care, they don't know any better. They just watch the shadows being casted on the wall of the cave. It has kept them docile.

Other subs call cops thugs and even celebrate their deaths. And we get quarantined? Honk honk
Search for "by any means necessary" you will find thousands of left wing posts
I’m pretty sure all of T_D love the police force, the left will say anything just to silence us.
The only group that threatens police and civilians on Reddit is Antifa/Leftists.

Otherwise know as the left's domestic terrorism organization.
You can say a lot about Trump supporters but I don't think anyone has ever said we're anti-police. Pretty sure that's the stereotype for the left.
I've never seen a sub that loves the police more than r/The_Donald
Do we need a Carlos M. \ Vox meme day?

Waves of memes outside TD putting Carlos in less than respectful situations. I don't know what that means for him, but I'm sure we could come up with some organized effort.
I support the police and I sympathize with the fact that they have a difficult and dangerous job.

But reminding people that you have the right to defend yourself is not the same thing as calling for violence.
Natalie Corona was shot and killed while on duty.

There were T_D members openly weeping when they read the story.

Whoever pushed that "anti-cop" bullshit is a fucking lunatic.  The fact that Reddit admins took that lunatic seriously is headshakingly stupid.
REDDIT you're disgusting, I have family  in the POLICE. this is a pathetic smear attempt.
Uhhh, everyone with a brain knows it's the liberals on the left that incite violence.
My work computer internet is wiped of everything each day, so I just search "reddit the\_donald   " and this sub comes up ( I don't log in while at work). I thought I clicked on a link to some Democrat subreddit that had the same name since Democrats call for violence on police every day.

&#x200B;

No Trump supporter is going to tolerate violence on anyone. Violence is the tool of Democrats.
This is work by Neo Liberal [Carlos Maza](https://humanevents.com/2019/06/08/who-is-carlos-maza-an-activist-not-a-journalist/?utm_referrer=https%3A%2F%2Fduckduckgo.com%2F) who is more an Activist then Journalist.  He aggressively targets Conservatives.

He's an older version of David Hogg.
If anything we are pro police wtf
As a former PD all I see here is meme's and humor.  I do not feel like there is any threats at all.

This quarantine is absurd.
its like they dont know trump supporters at all. we love the boys in blue.
Does it matter?

They will make shit up anyway. What can you really do against people that lie and cheat?

Not much. 

The subreddit will be gone by the time the real 2020 election race starts.
I support the Blue. And I think Democrats perpetuate crime in black communities by keeping them on the Democrat Plantation.
I have pro-police stickers all over my car and a blue light in my porch fixture.  Couldn't be prouder to support LE.  Been on T_D three years, never saw anything but respect and love for LEO and military.
Mods - yall need to pin this shit too
What? Of all the things to falsely accuse this sub of, they really chose to accuse us (the most pro-police community on the internet) of being anti-police?

They really aren't even trying with this one. There are hundreds, if not thousands, of threats posted against police weekly on liberal subreddits, and some even sometimes make it to the front page.
Killing this sub has been in the works for a while. Several weeks ago “The_Donald” was no longer on my header of subs I visit.  Had to type in America first to get here.  The swamp is still very deep.  MAGA.
Never seen a post that was anti police here.  As the wife of a police officer I would remember that.  If they take this sub down there is no reason for me to even be on Reddit.  ❤🇺🇸
The lefts playbook: Accuse your enemy of what you are guilty of
Of all the subs to go after for THIS? LOL what a joke. There is no more patriotic sub than this one. Censorship is bullshit.
Trump needs to free the internet before they social engineer him out of the White House.
I guarantee the dems are going to try and make a point about being pro-law enforcement tonight. this is all part of their plan.
The thinnest of excuses, they know full well the violence of the antifa sub, politics etc. It was going to be something or other, they just decided on this and set us up.
Our LEOs are out there keeping us safe, putting their lives on the line every single day. They get yuge respect from me!
So this sub is beyond quarantied the only way to get to it is to manually type in the sub.  It is purged from my subreddit list both online and in bacon reader
ONLY THE LEFT HATES THE MILITARY , THE POLICE AND ANYTHING THAT IS FOR LAW AND ORDER. 

I CALL BULLSHIT IT IS TIME THAT SOMEONE CREATES ANOTHER SITE FOR THE DONALD SO WE CAN GET AWAY FROM THESE TREASONOUS ASSHOLES.
Yet bad cop no donut is not quarantined. They are liars
By the time the 2020 Election rolls around all pro Trump communities will be purged from all social media. Any social media platforms that do not conform will be removed from mobile platforms, be blocked at the service provider level, and have their financial support attacked. I fucking guarantee it.
I don't even wander into those shitholes, but isn't it redacted that is constantly letting posts that talk about murdering white people, police, and our beloved president fly under the radar? Fucking hypocrites. Every one of them.
I did not vote for Trump, but he has completely won me over in his first term. He had completely exposed the swamp creatures that ran the country. This is part of their push to stop us from taking back our country. In what other first world country are major websites censoring discussions about the president of the country? Reddit is corrupt to the core, and we need to invest in alternatives
Bluelives always matter here.
This is just another way to silence those the left doesn't like. This is a baseless claim.
Either a couple of leftists came over and posted anti police things or Reddit are lying.  Probably a bit of both.
And just like that the Left actually cared about cops...

Or at least pretend to in order to stifle speech.
No shit.  If they were going to pick some BS reason, they could've at least chosen something believable.  We love our men and women in blue!
I'm a supporter who has been banned from here many times. The idea this sub is lightly moderated or would threaten cops is laughable.
Any comment on here that was anti-cop has always been down voted into oblivion, and any supposed threats would've been reported. It's all nonsense.
I 100% support our first responders. Police, Fire, medical. And would not ever be in the company of anyone with contrary beliefs. I stand for freedom and safety for everyone.
Anyone who knows this sub knows it has unbridled support and frankly adoration of our PDs, FDs and military.  Of course they would choose this as the reason for the quarantine.  More projection by the left.
This is another Carlos Maza/Media Matters hit job.  Name one pathetic sub that's more pro-Blue Line than the dom.  You won't find it on this shithole site.
If there was a comment threatening police it had to be a troll or planted as "evidence".
This subreddit has got to be the most supportive of law enforcement, that quarantine excuse is ridiculous.
I’ve worked alongside law enforcement for decades, anyone that might take a bullet for me is my friend, and further deserves the benefit of the doubt, and certainly the presumption of innocence until proven guilty.
I smell a conspiracy!
Well, I certainly didn't.  I said the Governor is a jerk and needs to be replaced, but no "threats".  This is ridiculous.  Why are other (lefties/SJW) not censored for threats against POTUS????
I never would have stayed here if we did not respect and support
Law Enforcement.
this is horse shit
Because the end is near, time to ask. How many times the boys, girls, and the rest of  57 genders in blue just sat and watched how Antifa was atacking anyone they deemed an enemy? With covered faces, to boot. In Oregon they talk about ROUNDING opposition to vote. Police should arrest the governor asking them to do this.
I’m happy to be back, and happy to support the boys in blue, along with Soldiers, Sailors, Marines, and Airmen. The real heroes of this world.
New here and have spent like 30 minutes on Reddit but I came a running when I heard you guys were being suppressed. This will be my new home for the next few weeks I reckon. Oh Barbra Streisand, I love you.
first off, commie Reddit shills and mods, I AM former special nuclear Police Officer and responder. 

We here at the_donald love Law Enforcement And all Officers, and the few and the brave in our military who serve in and protect our freedoms.  The very same freedoms that allow you to speak openly on a "online public forum" even with overly zealous censor starved mods. grow up, wake up, smell the coffee.....we are here, we are in winning the good fight, and we out number you.
reddit can fuck off

spez: yes, including that fucktard.
This is the most asinine setup I've ever seen. They are LYING! I've been here for three years. I've never seen anti-cop posts in here. Never! This place is filled with patriots, real Americans who support ICE and love our boys in blue. I can't count the number of pro-law enforcement posts I've seen here over the past few years. This is pure censorship and a clear attempt at suppressing President Trump's ability to win reelection. This is total BS.
Had a FB friend tell me how terrible T\_D is because of all the threats and violence.  I haven't seen ANYTHING LIKE THAT HERE.  This is all BS.  The Left owns ALL Social Media and hates each of us and will do anything to shut us down.
You will not find a group of people that respect the rule of law more.
There are good cops and there are bad cops.  I only promote justice (legal repercussions, not violence) against bad cops who do bad things.

I've never seen anti-police sentiment here, but plenty on Late Stage, Politics, News, etc.  It sounds like a targeted excuse.
I'm a retired cop and I read here all the time. Not once have I seen any threats toward law enforcement. What a BOGUS claim reddit. Morons. Trump is the most pro cop President ever. His supporters aren't far behind. Reddit is lying.
The most absolute absurd thing Reddit has said.  We are being slandered all over the internet for shit we did not do.
Trump please tweet for us! We need you!!
/pol welcomes you
I'm willing to bet half of the calls for violence came from far left activists using alts to try and get this sub shut down.
As some other users have pointed out, it’s all kabuki theatre to achieve the end goal of censoring us
All of a sudden MSM, Reddit, and the DNC is pro-police and against violence towards the police.
9.9k upvotes and 1k comments. The lefties said that a quarantine meant no more bots and claimed this subreddit would be dead without bots...guess again lefties.
With the sub being quarantined, I'm noticing a LOT MORE posts hit very high upvotes. This one (presently) has over 10k in 6 hours, when normally it would stretch to hit 3\~4k at best.  


Downvoting shills BTFO by Reddit... lmao!
Oh hey look at that I found a new subreddit to join.  


Never been here, never knew this existed but glad to be on the team. Have a nice day everyone.
At least 4K new subscribers in the past 5 hours.
Thin blue line American Flag and red one for Fire Fighters, displayed proudly.  Get lots of hate for it from the Socialists in the area.
Heard about this on Timcast.  You gained a new member.  If the fascists hate you, you must be doing something right.  I can't see how they would think this would end any differently.
God bless all of them, more balls than those liberal cowards will ever have. 

MAGA 💪💪
God bless the police.
I for one have never seen anti-police actions and threats on this ENTIRE sub. We are all pro-police here.
What hypocrites.  Apparently they don't quarantine sites that support Antifa.
The Donald encourages violence against law enforcement? Huh? Seems like a textbook implementation of a Saul Alinsky principle.  

# “Accuse Your Enemy Of What You Are Doing, As You Are Doing It To Create Confusion”
as if it were not shills or other rabid leftists making those posts.

it's really not that hard to figure out.
Admins of reddit how do you guys not see this is one of the most attacked groups of reddit? how do you guys not see that each individual that visits here is harassed with DMs, quickly called a racist/sexist/ every ism in the book just for supporting the president of the united states?  EVERY single  group hates the\_donald, everyone paints this place as something it's not. There is not one true hateful persom here, all these people want to fight against the manipulating of corrupt leaders whether it be left or right. We support the troops, we support the police, we support firefighters  - we all have different opinions which everyone should be allowed to express. This place doesn't call for violence  -  if you're going to include individuals who say specific things i could list hundreds of examples of police hatred on other subs that goes without a single eye blink for reddit and it's admins.

&#x200B;

I'm kinda done ranting..this censoring is becoming so overwhelming they are silencing groups of people because they think differently or voted for someone else.
They could at least try to come up with a less pathetically obvious bullshit excuse.
Well, I smell a setup and horseshit. This has to be one of the most pro-law enforcement reddits/forums I've ever seen on in my 25+ years on the internet. Now we are quarantened for threats against the police? Right. Yet pro-Antifa/Communist/Socialist ones are cool?
Ex LEO here. Fuck you Reddit. This Dom loves LEOs, you know it, we know it.
Total ridiculous bullshit.  You know it, I know it, we all know it.
What the actual fuck is going on here. I’ve never seen threats on here ever. Compare that to any liberal subreddit where they literally dox you and genuinely threaten to kill you for simply suggesting there are only two biological genders.
Police officer here. I do not support Trump nor the GOP in general (which I guess may get me banned). But, thank you for this post. I appreciate your appreciation for our service.
Joined today.

My family is blue line. Reddit admins can lick my boot!

.#WalkAway (from Reddit)
Been here 2.5 years and never saw a threat against police.
Seriously?? Screw anyone wishing harm against the police! They put their lives on the line for us every day and are thankless. We need to applaud these mighty men and women!
I support the blue. I also hold them accountable when they do wrong. The way it is supposed to be.
they could've came up with something believable. We are literally the side that LIKES the police. Seriously wtf?
I have been lurking here for months and I think you all rock! Informative, clever, funny, and the best disinfectant against leftist garbage. Somehow you all hate cops?! So I joined Reddit and you all are the first sub I joined. They hate you because you are effective, so don't stop!
All it took was people criticizing the use of Oregon State Police to enforce authoritarian Democrat power grab, you can argue that that was anti police and then boom, weesa here
We love police!
It is usually the left that incites violence against police. Remember their anger over #bluelivesmatter?
LOL.  Fucking seriously?  This sub loves police, the military and country.  The left fucking hates police and riots and loves it when police die.
What the fuq? I had to "opt in" just now. What does it even mean?
Of all the excuses to use they choose threats about police officers?

I've seen some horrible anti-cop comments on major subs and nothing is done. 

This sub will be gone by 2020.

Oh yeah  this sub has 44k people viewing it. Really weird considering every time heavy traffic is expected the number is always 16k. They better fix the number the quarantine might of messed up the count.  How strange!
Yet the violent leftists who ACTUALLY hate and attack our police, will get to continue. This is a crock of shit and everyone knows it, including those who applaud it.
Reddit is garbage. I hope it burns.
Must have been a last minute excuse because it's so lame. Just yesterday on all and popular there were threats against CBP and ICE over "concentration camps". Anyway, more likely it's about the Dems debate and ad revenue. Last week in Cannes there was talk about a techlash. Advertisers want to move away from Google, Facebook and AWS. Elections are like the Superbowl for the Media, there is billions of dollars involved. The Dems suck so bad and are boring they probably aren't making money.
You know we are a serious threat to the shills when they are actively celebrating this farce and it is dominating the front page. I cant see how this will turn out well for anyone.
Threats against police?  I've never seen that here, but I have seen it on all the left wing subreddits.... hummmm...
It's ironic that leftists are now running around saying, "WeLl MaYbE dOnT tHrEaTeN pOlIcE oFfiCeRs ThEn, DrUmfPhY!!1" Their side actually, literally, marches around holding banners and wearing shirts gloating about "dead cops." Our last president, their dear leader, threw police officers under the bus every chance he got. It's not at all suspicious to Reddit Admins that political and media types found out about these comments before our mods did? Give me a break. Something smells like spez around here.
Streisand effect incoming ...
We love police officers on T\_D
Our law enforcement officers are supported **unequivocally** in this sub.


**PERIOD**


Anyone stating otherwise is a liar or a leftist (like there's any difference).
Weird how all of the liberal Reddits that fantasize about cop murder all the time didn't get quarantined.
This is just the beginning pedes.. Just the beginning
Very sad day.
Step 1: Lefty posts violent comments

Step 2: Lefty contacts fake news outlets

Step 3: Lefty admins pounce on opportunity.
I have never seen a single threat on TD
This is exactly how they will TRY to shut down all who are against their global agenda aka one world government. Funny how they allow all other forms of hate speech but Christian or Conservative political views get shut down because we disagree with the murder of unborn babies. The left is allowed to spew hate and evil at a rapid pace but they forget this is America, "the land of the free and the home of the brave!"
Wow...so is this place fucked?  Do subs get unquarantined ever?
This must be some kind of joke or something we love the police, the military, firefighters, and every other ......
All this censorship isnt leading us towards a real great resolution with these people.
A complete joke.
>Flair

>Check it
It removed the shortcut from my favorites too - too bad I saved a shortcut on my favorites bar.
One rando said dumb shit! Time to destroy a 750k+ community!
I think Law Enforcement is amazing.  The left are the ones who hate police and want anarchy.
100% sure it's just leftists posting here trying to pretend to be us in order to get this subreddit shut down.  I've seen quite a bit of that.  There's people who build up post histories here in order to look legit at a glance, but I've seen a few who were clearly far left once you delve deeper into their post history by a few weeks or months, and suddenly started posting here as pro Trump.
Redpill for anyone who doesn’t think you are in an ongoing info war.
They know that the_donald supports the police, that is why they are saying the_donald is making threats to them. Typical rules for radicals tactics.
It's bullshit. We've always been YUGE fans of the police. And mods have always banned people who speak of violence. 

If reddit was smart (they're not) they'd cross ref the IP of these accounts that made the threats. I bet the dumbass "journalist" didn't use a proxy to create his dummy accounts that were used to get us zapped. 

By reddit's logic, anybody can create dummy accounts, post some rule breaking comments, and that whole sub should be banned. And you don't even need to do that. You can simply inspect a page, change the text in the inspector, and take a screenshot. 

If they are going to frame us with bullshit; the least they can do is show us this "evidence" and history of the accounts who made the offending comments. Have mods seen it? 

Lastly, there are a dozen subreddits that fucking HATE police, with threats made daily. Nothing has ever been (or will be) done to them.
A total set up. We all know the left are the violent and anti police group in this country.
Quarantine right before the first democrat debate. Reddit, go fuck yourself.
Reddit is shit
I want proof of this "violence" against the police. I'm in law enforcement and am browsing this sub daily. The anti police attitudes come from the rest of Reddit. 

Starting to hate Reddit more and more.
F'ers unsubscribed me from T_D on my mobile phone when I tried to get on and now I can't even search for the sub on the app anymore. IPad shows T_D as quarantined, but when you go through the quarantine wall it shows as "can't reach reddit". Only place to get on for me is at my PC. I've had some pretty rotten things said to me elsewhere on Reddit and in the world b/c I'm a blue dude, but no one "quarantines" that shit and I would not want that. Their "quarantine" is nothing more than suppression.
If there were threats, it was by leftist infiltrating this sub and looking to cause trouble. Reddit just used it as a convenient excuse.
When the left makes fake Trump supporter accounts and post anti cop messages this happens. Thats what i think happened.
Hands up don't shoot and the Dallas sniper really opened my eyes and I have a lot more respect for officers now. Not so much for the cowards of Broward county.
We are not Black Lives Matter. We love our Police
2020 gonna taste so much sweeter boys.
So where can we go? I tried to join the discord server but the vetting thread said I need to wait until they verify two months of activity on T_D but I don't post. I occasionally leave comments but not in a while. Is there another place where we can join?
What do the left-wing fascists hope to achieve from all this that the shadow banning didn’t accomplish? It’s kinda like double secret probation.
If we're REALLY concerned about violence, let's use logic.  Which groups have the highest violent crime rate?  Okay, now who are THEY listening to?
I wonder are /blackLivesMatter quarantined ? since they always call for the death of police - and white people ... hmmmmmmmmm
Me ,I new to Reddit and looking for sub to follow 
Reddit:,Don't look here
Me,Joined
Hilarious. This Dom has been the biggest advocate for the boys in blue in the history of this retarded website. They want to silence us but guess what you fuckers, all you did was put a big yellow highlighter on us and draw in a bunch of based pedes that didn't know this Dom existed.

Please clap.
Lying communists have to protect the snowflake libtards from the truth.  Fuck Reddit let's go to 4Chan.
LE here, I've never seen any threats on this sub-reddit.
I still can’t believe that they said we advocate violence towards the authorities. Such utter bullshit.
lol ok wow, only they could be that dumb.
We actually are the ones who love the Police.
It's crazy how things are turning out. Media matters and Carlos Maza are now the social media hit squad immediately the moan about any platform you are getting binned. This accusation from Reddit is wide spread on other forums on Reddit but they are still functioning. It's like Twitter banning LOOMER and allowing jihadists groups and pedos to still have an account.
I've never ONCE seen threats against our boys in blue here. I'm sorry did the world turn upside down? Last time I checked, it was Democrat lunatics marching in the streets chanting "pigs in a blanket" and "turn pigs to bacon", not republicans, not conservatives. This is a fucking joke. They couldn't come up with a more bullshit excuse?
this is some absolute bullshit!
Lies
It's ridiculous. Everyone knows this board firmly supports the the boys in blue. Obviously that might change if they keep going after Republicans, but the Oregon case was clearly one of the rare exceptions.
Literally one of the most pro police/armed forces subs around lul.   Psycho backwards narrative
Reddit is another company operated by blue bubble groupthink.  Censorship of others is standard operating procedure to these authoritarians.
Literally every piece about cops here is over-the-top positive. 

Jesus, I want to organize a peaceful demonstration and hold a sign to express my discontent at others with a different ideological viewpoint.
Imagine thinking you can’t support law enforcement and fight the shitty people they work for at the same time.

Signed: 2nd lieutenant who understands the purpose of the 2nd amendment.
Funny it happened right after that cuck mazza posted something.

Absolute censorship
Alinsky playbook tactics yet again.
\#NotAllDonalds
I'm pretty sure you don't have white Donald Trump supporters calling a black ICE officer the n word. We just like becoming 2 huge Nigerian bodybuilders and wait to pounce on unsuspecting gay actors in a polar vortex.
Complete bullshit reddit
It really is a load of garbage. The mod team and community here are extremely vigilant for suspect comments planted by lowlife liberals. Spez has edited posts on here before, what is stopping them from doing it a second time so they can get a quarantine??
**FALSE FLAG**
Deplorable reporting in: I love me some boys in blue. 😘
Love the Men and Women in the Blue... Was more surprised at the news that threats were made... Shut that shit down. MAGA
It's not just shills.  In every thread discussing the infringement of our rights, and/or the latest leftist outrage, there's some 9/11 truthtard spouting on about how our only option left is armed insurrection.  I have been reporting and advocating for the policing of their comments since I joined this community, to no avail.  I suspect several of the mods are conspiratards themselves.
Wait so a public forum can be deleted because of the action of an individual who could come from anywhere?? 

This feels like a double standard that will be applied to subs that are getting too close to the Truth. Shut them down and silence them etc
I've never commented, nor have I ever been much interested in what happens here.

Now I have subscribed and will start creating alt accounts shitting all over progressives with every spare minute I have.  Fuck them.

The censorship is getting fucking ridiculous.

People need to stand up to this.  If not now, when?

The Reddit admins should be ashamed of themselves.  

This is a blatant violation of their own rules and it is distinctly against the spirit of Reddit.
Posters are openly admitting that their alternate accounts were banned 24 hours ago from here.

They are laughing on reddit. Fuck you Spez. Cowardly, spineless, hateful clown. Look out for 2020. America will vote you back to hell. Stalin 2.0
Does antifa or any other leftist have a page up, cause those are the only ones I ever see advocating harm towards leos.
I bet some leftists made a post and reported it before it could get moderated.
Never seen anyone anti-police on here, we all love the police.  I do see a HUGE amount of anti-police comments all over the Liberal subreddits.
This sub is gonna be banned in 2020, apart of supressing the vote in the next election. This quarantine was just a step towards that.
Quarantining us also means that you need an email attached to your account to view the dom.  
  
Which means no bots.  
  
Now any time you see some faggot in the rest of reddit (should you choose to venture out there) claiming we're all Russian bots (yeah, it *still* happens if you can imagine that) you can tell them to fuck off and that the 10k+ votes on this post are totally legit!
The only reason the shits are using this as an excuse to quarantine/ban t_d is because they are trying to piss us off as they and everyone on reddit knows t_d is the only pro cop forum here. It's just another obvious dig at freedom of expression.
That’s outrageous and i will never believe it unless it was some jackholes posing as members to screw you.
That’s how you know this whole thing was a calculated setup. Arguably the MOST PRO-POLICE subreddit on the entire site gets accused of inciting violence against police? When the rest of this Leftist shithole site is filled with BLM cop-hating stooges?

Literally no one with an IQ higher than their height would fall for such an obvious set-up.
USA USA USA USA USA
So what happens now? Are they trying to delete sub reddit or will they restore it?
I really like coming to this sub. It's the best community I've been a part of online, and it's become a daily routine for me to get a fix of common sense here when I encounter the latest batshit news from clown world. Everybody keeps asking it, but how can we keep this community going once we're shut down, which is obviously around the corner?
This is fucking terrifying. Big Tech is trying to shut us up and keep us from speaking out.
They can strike us down (here), but we will only become more powerful!  BTW: ICE is Law-enforcement too!
100% for law enforcement       #witchhunt #Bluelivesmatter #LeftLies
Fucking hell, we are fucking Blue Lives Matter here. What a fucking insane accusation.
Disabled vet reporting in.

  


This is Reddit attempting to stop the truth from getting out and getting Trump reelected.
God bless the Police
Reddit tells FUCKING LIES
The Donald is actually the different from  the rest of reddit, where police officer bashing is frequent. This is the ONLY sub I visit where police officers and veterans are frequently upvoted and defended.
Reddit is a joke
Wouldn’t be surprised if they’re planting hostile users who intentionally seek to break the rules in order to justify the banning of the sub. It was he same activity the left engaged in st campaign rallies during the first election. Send some paid jerk to antagonize trump supporters and then film them getting angry. Try hard enough and someone will snap. All they need is a 10 second slip. 

This is a true culture war.
Fuck Reddit. I am full of this shit companies.

We keep giving FREE content to them and just get stab in the back.

17k karma, feels bad but I feel that I have to cancel account.

Same shit here in Brazil. All silicon fucking valley trying to shut the right.
Two can play this game. Most post that we catch on here promoting violence are accounts that are very new. If you are in a lefty sub and you see a comment promoting violence, archive the comment contact the mod of that sub about the comment. We must start recording these comments for the impeding law suit coming against big tech for the bias against conservatives.
We support our men and women in blue!
Am a blue boy. Love this sub and I have never seen any threats of violence from this community, my community.
No one in this sub threaten police ever. This is a witch hunt!!
Whether I support cops has no bearing on my freedom of speech under the constitution.
What do you folks think about the situation in Oregon? Right-wing militias threatening to shoot police?
[deleted]
It’s almost like this sub has always loved police.... it’s almost like reddit admins are..... lying fascist scum...
They spelled ANTIFA wrong
I've never seen anything but pro-police posts on here. Try posting pro police comments on the other subreddit and watch yourself be downvoted into oblivion. Is there a sub that loves the police and military more?
Did they give examples of these so called "calls to violence"? Or is it all vague "we saw something, we have evidence"?
For the record, Reddit Execs want to see us riled up to prove a point we are violent and hate the police.  Let's not prove them right.
\#WitchHunt
even if it were true, where's the outrage against BLM et al ?
How can a democrat honestly think they’re in the right with big tech overlords on their side?
Streisand effect is taking place.
I've never heard of any violence against police.  They found some BS posts and took them out of context to insinuate that's what was happening.  Hey mods, reach out to the LEO here and have them write in defence of this forum.  Let's proactively shoot their allegations down.
We love our Boys in Blue!
Total honk shit
Right before the Dem primaries, no less.
I strongly believe some libtards created fake accounts to besmirch true patriots.
We are obviously being brigaded and set up. I guess we should collectively tell Reddit to kiss our ass and all move over to VOAT or wherever it’s still safe to KAG!
The only ones calling for violence against law enforcement is the violent left with their screeching of "Police Brutality" and "Disband ICE".
This is the typical left accusing the right of what they are doing, which incidentally is 'OK' if you are a leftist.
They set T-D up!!!
Reddit sucks. Who is going to make a better one without censor?
We love the police...  what happened to T_D is bullshit and ShariaBlue/Media Matters clearly set us up.
Blatant censorship. Reddit admins are fucking pathetic. Where do we regroup if the sub is banned? Voat, gab, what other site has the biggest like minded community?
Absolutely ridiculous censorship.  I’ve never seen anything like that here.  Reddit should be ashamed.
Why am I not seeing any posts about mobilizing at a different site??? Dude this sub is going to get nuked before the election.
Veteran checking in. We love our boys in blue. Reddits claims are bs. Oorahhhh brothers
Is there anything we can do to help the\_donald?
What's next? Do quarantines get removed?
The only thing I ever saw that was even remotely close to what has been accused, is reminders that situations like OR are exactly why we have the Second Amendment, and people willing to take up the charge to protect people from politically weaponized law enforcement.

That’s what I think is really fucked up about this situation, nuance and subtext.
I knew this was coming, lefties were coming here and making veiled hateful threads and they were being left up by the moderators.  I reported a few but they were still being made.
All this does is mean I'll see ever single post here.
Totally back the blue and totally back this subreddit.  The_Donald for life.
Imagine being so intellectually bankrupt that you have to false flag your opponent and get their one remaining free speech outlet banned.

The left controls 90% of the traditional and online media.

And yet half the country rejects them.
Folks THIS is why they have quaintine us.Decaassiction has started. JohnSolomon has releases a treasure trove of fuckery from Samanth Powers. Black Who started the Muh Russia you wont be surpised.So much stuff,
https://www.scribd.com/user/259237201/JohnSolomon
We have to resist social media censorship. Big tech must go bye bye for good. They are controlling culture and thought space by censoring speech and expression. I for one will not stand for it. I'm deleting my reddit account today, and spreading by word of mouth the message that big tech stopped, and for everyone to quit using social media now. It's time to draw a line in the sand.
CNN and MSNBC will do its part by refusing to air Trump rallies the closer we get to election day, you can bookmark me on that.
how Carlos Marza gets to control the internet is beyond me. Something needs to be done about tech censorship
Says 7.5k upvotes? So ... 750,000 upvotes?
I love police!
One awesome aspect is that every post now has a bright yellow quarantine tag on it.  My eyes only focus on those posts and I can find them easier than ever. It's like a shining yellow beacon saying "READ ME".
God bless! I love law enforcers for keeping us safe!
Some of you tech savvy types should go find instances of threats of violence on /politics and /worldnews. They are there.
This has nothing to do with what the say it does, and all to do with trying to stop Trump from being reelected. It won't work.
Leftist bull crap there is never any threats of violence on here
This shit is absolutely laughable. Fucking try to post anything positive about police on redacted. Won't go over well unless you add a ton of qualifiers or litter your post with a ton of NPC bullshit.
I browsed here every now and then, but subbed now. Reddit talks about witch hunting, then there are fake accounts created that set up the sub, classic.
Does anyone know what specific threats this subreddit was quarantined for?
I want to see the actual content that was removed for "violations."  I bet much of it was downright laughable or obvious hyperbole.
If anything its crazed leftists who don’t respect the laws of this country who would threaten violence against our nations police officers. God bless our police. They sacrifice their lives every day to keep us safe.
 动态网自由门 天安門 天安门 法輪功 李洪志 Free Tibet 六四天安門事件 The Tiananmen Square protests    of 1989 天安門大屠殺 The Tiananmen Square Massacre 反右派鬥爭 The Anti-Rightist    Struggle 大躍進政策 The Great Leap Forward 文化大革命 The Great Proletarian    Cultural Revolution 人權 Human Rights 民運 Democratization 自由 Freedom 獨立    Independence 多黨制 Multi-party system 台灣 臺灣 Taiwan Formosa 中華民國 Republic    of China 西藏 土伯特 唐古特 Tibet 達賴喇嘛 Dalai Lama 法輪功 Falun Dafa 新疆維吾爾自治區 The    Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region 諾貝爾和平獎 Nobel Peace Prize 劉暁波 Liu    Xiaobo 民主 言論 思想 反共 反革命 抗議 運動 騷亂 暴亂 騷擾 擾亂 抗暴 平反 維權 示威游行 李洪志 法輪大法 大法弟子    強制斷種 強制堕胎 民族淨化 人體實驗 肅清 胡耀邦 趙紫陽 魏京生 王丹 還政於民 和平演變 激流中國 北京之春 大紀元時報 九評論共産黨    獨裁 專制 壓制 統一 監視 鎮壓 迫害 侵略 掠奪 破壞 拷問 屠殺 活摘器官 誘拐 買賣人口 遊進 走私 毒品 賣淫 春畫 賭博 六合彩    天安門 天安门 法輪功 李洪志 Free Tibet 劉曉波动态网自由门
It’s obviously a political move. The Democratic debates are today.
How gay is reddit??
Blaming the entirety of the subreddit for something one or two people did is like blaming everyone at the party for one kid pissing in your pool. It makes zero sense.
Thats funny, cth is filled with threats against cops
[removed]
I've never seen any threats of violence on this sub.
They have to lie. They can't help themselves, they HAVE to lie about people in order to win.
👍
They just needed any excuse to do it.
Not just Reddit.  CARLOS MAZA.
I hate mods but respect cops. This may seem like a contradiction, but the difference is cops actually do something for their community.
The social media silencing of Conservative and oppositional views of the mainstream narrative continues...
Is the quarantine permanent?
**BLUE LIVES MATTER**    

God bless all of the officers that risk their lives every day dealing with the worst that humanity has to offer. They are not all perfect, but we all fall short of perfection and I am definitely appreciative of the mostly thankless work you all do for all of us.    

**THANK YOU FOR YOUR SERVICE.**
I hate to ask, but do we have alternative platforms ready? Please not Voat, the place is an absolute shithole.
They are blaming the people upset that the Oregan Democrats are using their state police like partisan goons to threaten Republican congressmen. But it's our subreddit that is the great danger to saftey and peace. Fucking clown world it is. Honk fucking honk.

I first joined this sub way back because I was once a Bernie supporter who has been censored and saw the pro Bernie sub removed in order to silence dissent and focus on getting Clinton elected. I was tired of seeing leftist, not only their leaders and propagandists but even amongst close personal friends and family, unapologetic support for violence against anyone who disagreed with them. They labeled anyone and everyone supporting the President for any reason, as nazi or bigot or racist... and then used their own labels as justification for their violence. "punch a nazi bash a fash" meant attacking Trump supporters of all kinds, not fighting Nazis on the beaches of Normandy.

So the censoring of T_D is fucking rich from where I am standing.
wtf, TD always praises the military and police for the hard and dangerous work they do for our sakes.


Some group must have executed a concerted attack on The Donald. Idk if it was filing complaints on Reddit or what they did.

But. we should be able to face our accusers in a court with a jury of our based peers.
Serious, who is so naive and believes this story to be true?
I have literally worn a thin blue line bracelet every single day for the past 4 years.
When commies come here in coordinated efforts with the site administration to stir the shit-pot, anything is possible.  Surprised that they didn't do something more egregious, like posting child porn or directly threatening leftist politicians, sooner.

Remind me why BadCopNoDonut isn't quarantined?  Or AmIFreeToGo?  Their comment sections are absolutely brimming with calls for violence, doxxing, etc.
Those who work in and those of us who provide professional (and personal) support to law enforcement are disgusted with this fascist behavior from social media companies.
All of them.
It's what you do when you have no valid arguments, you spit on them, throw milkshakes, and try to silence all opposing voices.
lol wtf? Every other subreddit says ACAB
No one believes that Trump supporters want to harm the police.
I have nothing but love and respect for police officers, which seems to be the popular opinion around here. Odd that this would happen.
The Quarantine is a good thing: it legitimizes judging a group by its worst members. In that case... start the deportations, and the travel ban!
"Hug a cop! Yeah go ahead, I said it, its a wonderful feeling...Oh, say can you see by the dawn's early light."...Irwin M. Fletcher.
YoU SAiD BoYs IN tHE BlUe thAtS SeXIsT
Im subbed and it wont even show up. I cant find it AT ALL on the app. I had to google the sub and go to page 2. I joined cringe anarchy a month before it got shutdown and it would still show up once i subbed. But i cant find TD even in my post history. This is more than a quarantine.
FAKE NEWS!
I'm for law & order.
Unfucking believable......The DNC and Reddit can suck it. I did not see any calls of violence towards police! In fact just the opposite we're the sub that supports police officers and the rule of law. OMG their attempts to silence us could not be any more obvious than they are now. Welcome to the fucking 🤡 show! The DNC hates cops in favor of lawlessness!
I've never seen an anti cop post on the_donald
So hardcore conservatives threatening police? In which world does such blatantly false statement makes any remote sense? I guess in the clown world it does....
Dear Reddit.  You are selectively enforcing the rules and everyone knows it. 

Dear Leftists of Reddit:  You may agree with the censorship now but it will be turned on you when you are no longer useful.
I haven't seen a post break 10k upvotes in quite some time.
What about all those damn ANTIFA subs!?  Spez can go to fucking hell.
i dont understand how they pull that shit out their ass when the left literally endorses violence against law enforcement directly and indirectly through their support of terrorist organizations like BLM.
Anti-Cop...they didn't even try.
Getting fuckin’ tired of having to hit continue to read my timeline. 

Prolly finna use my white privilege to sue the fuck out of Reddit and have even more to donate to my president’s re-election campaign.

You’re welcome.
lmao @ reading chapos/topminds/ahs saying that "now that td is q'd, they won't see posts upvoted above 3K"

Fucking 10k+ motherfuckers. People are still here.
Then we will fight in the shade
I cannot view T_D from the app no matter how many times I click ok to visit a quarantined community. Says it’s empty. Have to go through internet browser instead. Brother having the same problem. This is complete bullshit. I have never seen anyone disrespect police officers here. T_D is hugely supportive of our armed forces and first responders.
If you are unable to view the subreddit, just use chrome and open the subreddit using the reddit app and store it to the home screen of your phone. Bless up pedes and fight the good fight
[deleted]
Back the Blue!!!
obviously they lie.  Just imagine the mental state of these low life Trump haters...grandiose fools wallowing in hate
I know the mods are doing their thing but can we just have Rexxit now?

"Violence and you" like we're in kindergarten (not now, Joe).  Having a sticky telling us not to incite violence. Gimme a break.
Report other communities for threats of violence and send screengrabs to drudge. Easy.
The left calling anyone on earth out for being anti-cop? Are you fucking kidding me?
The single most pro-Police sub on the the entirety of Reddit, to the point where we literally circle-jerk about how much we love cops.

And we're a THREAT TO THEM?????

HAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAAAA
have always loved our men and women in blue.  Just remember to Protect and Serve!
Give me a fucking break. Like Reddit cares at all about violence towards law enforcement.
Cheers for the police!
This sub is too funny
I guess this means we need to report other boards that constantly make threat of violence toward LEOs and Republicans, maybe they'll get the same treatment?

Yeah...I think not.
LOCK HER UP! One of our favorite sayings. Who the fuck do they think we're giving the OK signal to start arresting the criminal elements? Fucking 🤡🌎
Fuck these big tech betas
Tonight's the Dem debates, why else?  They are afraid, 🐸👌 Very afraid 😂
They're confusing us with ChapoTrapHouse.

&#x200B;

We love the men and women in blue!!!
What incredible  assholes!!! Threats of violence my ass!
I was so surprised to hear that, patriots are pro blue. My initial thought was the whiny liberals snuck over here
Seriously anti police?? Who's going to arrest moldy locks and her gang of violent terrorists if not them???
Retired NYPD here. Subbed since before last presidential election. I've never seen a bad word towards LE here. Ever.
❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
The democrats are used to lying. Everything they say is a lie. Sad to live like that.
Where are we all going? I'm so lost and scared.. this chat is my family.
[removed]
I’m guessing they’re just ignoring the calls for violence and comments hating on the police in the leftist subreddits.
WE LOVE OUR BOYS AND GIRLS IN BLUE!
GMAFB
The only threats against police have been by leftist trolls here.   Too bad Reddit lets them get away with that.  Most sane people will be leaving this platform.  Anyone seen that video of spez’s wife?
Banning would be too obvious, but quarantining is good enough. They just don't get it. 

And depending on who wins 2020 we'll all be banned and doxxed
Blue Lives Matter!
I have been since the beginning - every day, and I have NEVER seen anyone promote violence against police.  Or anyone else for that matter, except in jest.
i love the police and have never read any threats towards anyone !  What is going on?
Its crazy how after being "quarantined" everything that had to do with r/The_Donald was wiped from my profile and I couldn't find the page whatsoever (didn't come up in search or anywhere). The only way to get access back is to use a search engine link (I used DuckDuckGo because google blows). This is blatant censorship and I cant wait till it bites them in the ass!
\#actionable libel
I've never read a threat against the police in here. It was probably some brigader who came in and the reddit admins gleefully took whatever sham evidence they could find because they hate Trump.

What a joke.
It also seems that it removed all of our members subs. I had to go on ym browser to find this place and resub
Spez and his Spaz crew. At it again. 

If they read this, look up the definition of “fascist” - then examine yourselves and own actions. 

He needs to sit on a potato peeler and spin wildly.
# PROJECTION
Hell yeah. Always back the blue!
Me in the center
I didn’t know Black Lives Matter activists were on this sub. Thank you for sharing that information, Reddit.
We don't threaten anyone here, let alone police... There are numerous posts about police officers here that are positive. I see nothing but love here for the men and women in blue.
I wonder how much they spent on fake spam accounts.
I've read stuff in multiple reddit forums and this one here is the most sensible of them all. The further I go from here, the darker it becomes. How come The\_Donald is the bad guy? Oh, yes, cause we, the free thinkers, are targeted for termination. Obey the N.W.O. Make papa Bro proud. Surrender, there is no hope. Give up freedom, it is but an illusion. Await your place on the line for the camp. Attention! This way to camps.

&#x200B;

Song for mood:  [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vhX92LYwCBw](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vhX92LYwCBw)
I was just in the West Hollywood (I'm alone Pedes) Sheriff's department dropping off some donations and let me tell you, there is nothing sexier than a woman in uniform. The young officer who helped me bring packages in from my car....SWOON.  She was like nothing I've ever seen! So glad to be helping them out!
Wtf
[Just stay strong, pedes. It's not over.](https://cdn.shopify.com/s/files/1/0690/5113/products/14135_59418c00a752b2.21545445_crybabysnowflakesgraphic.sticker_80635b1b-0356-477c-9bd6-2e23323cd1f6_1000x.jpg?v=1556307216)
Freedom of speech online is slowly dwindling down to nothing, but who's to say we had much to begin with right?
r / westernbetrayal
With the election upcoming next year I fully expected the leftards of reddit would ban this sub. Should start making provisions to migrate elsewhere. 

They despise this sub and they hate President Trump. I wouldn't put it past them to make fake accounts to stage false flag operations in their efforts to shut this sub down. 

I've never seen anything but praise for the police on this sub.
Check Google most of the despicable news are affirming without proof. From alt right eyesore to finally quarantined are the terms used.
Ummmm... When were the Oregon police threatened??
meme discord up, pm me for invite
I have never seen direct threats on here to the police or elected officials - only snarky comebacks to threats of banning the second amendment.   What a load of crap reddit.
[deleted]
We started the boys in blue meme wtf
We need a Trump Tweet on this BS.
right?!  we're the sub of LAW AND ORDER.
Anyone having trouble accessing from mobile app? I get the quarantine message but no option to continue. The only way it let me in was through phone web browser and “open in app” option. 

P.S. this is probably one of very few subs that actually show support for the police. The rest are filled with kids who think police go around shooting minorities.
Maybe they meant "police" in Iran or ISIS territory? Lol..
Double think.

ALL the leftist subs are anti police. Its almost like an evil act to suggest anti police rhetoric is why we were quarantined.
What ABSOLUTE bullshit.  There's NO place more pro-Law and Order than us here.
Come on Trump, crack down on this shit already.
***WHO CARES?***

Now is not the time to prove them wrong. You can never make them like you. Now is the time to fucking ***fight***. Nobody cares whether you like cops or not. Reddit clearly doesn’t like cops. It’s a bullshit excuse and you’re *completely* missing the point.
There is a thread in subreddit drama talking how we incite violence daily and hate gays. Unbelievable
This is ridiculous.  The liberals hate the police.  I want the police in every school.  They are projecting.  

It’s time to move this sub to another site.  Someone create a site and mirror the entire sub.
We all know who is behind this!
Never ever seen threats to our boys on blue on this Dom. FUCKING LIES!
The censorship is real! This subreddit doesn't incite any violence at all.
There is no doubt that this was all set up, and mostly from some lefties alt accounts. They out there celebrating and calling us all bots as usual.
I love the police!
This is stupid. Make no mistake - that is their excuse to use publicly, but that’s not why they quarantined this sub. It’s because this is the **only** place on Reddit where you can openly support Donald Trump. That’s it.
I'm no fan of the police, especially with their lack of oversight and ability to get away with a lot of shady shit.

But violence against them? That's insane.
Holy cow! Pedes! Quarantined now? Is Reddit's Chinese overlords beginning their assault?
This is an obvious coordinated false flag take down by Media Matters and their regressive acolytes.
We all knew this was coming, been nice posting here...remember, Steve Bannon said "they (the globalist progressive atheist democrat media complex and deep state) won't give up without a fight"
I think we may have the most pro-police subreddit or domreddit on reddit.
Police do a job that reddit snowflakes could never comprehend. Love law enforcement and their sacrifice for the safety of US citizens.
There is no legitimate reason so they just make them up.  The goal is to win 2020 and beyond and it is a lot easier to do when your opposition can't get out the message.
That’s just ridiculous
Can't wait for the Project Veritas undercover video exposing the corruption of Reddit.
No subreddit has been more pro-police than The\_Donald. Anybody who doesn't acknowledge that is either lying or ignorant.

Corollary: Time to get the hell off of Reddit. They control the platform and we already know they'll edit user comments on the sly, tinker with the algorithm, and otherwise abuse their power to make us look bad. Today is just the next stage.

**It is time to start weaning off of Reddit.**  Don't cancel your account yet; stay active. We should force them to shut us down completely. But start using alternatives like Gab and Minds at the same time.
MAGA country loves our men and women in blue
I just defended cops on pol yesterday who were calling them "all nazis" and saying "theres no such thing as a good cop" I myself am an ex-LEO wtf is this bullshit?
Dear reddit. If someone says ftp they mean they really like police. They wanna make love to them. They want to play with truncheons and handcuffs, they want to eat donuts afterwards. Context is important.
We need more active mods maybe.
know what we should do...

hunt down every liberal troll posting hate to this sub

force reddit to site wide ban them

but they won't

&#x200B;

its amazing how foolish this is
Meanwhile at chapotraphouse cop hate is all that they post. Such crap.
All I see on this subreddit is pro-police sentiment. I haven't seen any violent threats, and any extremely rare racist etc content barely receives any upvotes.

&#x200B;

F A K E   N E W S
I would not exhaust energy chasing the reasoning for this drastic action, no meat on those bones.
What fucking conservative would ever be anti-police??? Are they drunk? Seriously come up with a better lie reason god damn
Three thousand cheers for the brave blue line!
Most of the comments/posts in question I saw in articles about this have single digit upvotes. Seems more likely to be false flag and agent provocateurs attacking the sub. This sub has 755k+ subscribers, but a comment with 8 upvotes somehow means everyone supports it's violent message?
I have never seen any member here threaten police offers. Reddit is full of shit
I always thank police officers when I'm out and about. I stand with blue.
Reddit lies just like our UNIPARTY corrupt pedofile satanic stooges in our gov have been lying to us since WW1!
Is it possible to red pill the whole system before it's too late?
I support law enforcement 100% and have never seen a post/comment on here opposing that viewpoint let alone calling for violence against them.

What Reddit is doing is complete bullshit!
The idea that T_D supports violence against police is completely laughable - nothing further from the truth.
The only people who would call for violence to police is the liberals screaming outrage over the so called police brutality.
I’ve never seen anyone inciting violence here. It’s one of the nicest subs I visit.
When did truth ever matter to liberals? 

Wake up already

Lying and Censorship is the only way they can win 2020
Im not on here all the time, but when I am, I never really saw any discussion about Oregon
Projection from the left
I'm here daily and have NEVER seen threats against law enforcement.
Blue Lives Matter has always been prerogative on the Donald. The media matters hit piece is absolutely insane, digging for the 0.00001% of content, and a few of them aren't even "that bad".
Upvoted
Twatter talking all about how t_D "offers to murder cops" and that isn't possible anywhere else on reddit. Complete BS 🤡🌎
but why aren't other subs quarantined......
My nephew is in the Oakland Police Dept (probably the worst area in the Bay Area) and I work in a prison psych ward and work with corrections officers all day, farthest from the god damn truth!!!
It's time to move to another platform. Better to act than be acted upon.
The left is fighting against rule of law, on the border, against our men in uniform and to protect corrupt politicians and big tech is silencing th e right.

Remember that on election day, get out and vote for your country before they take it apart. Trump 2020.
I'm frightened. Is there a contingency plan if td gets banned? How will I find all you wonderful based patriots?
I literally do not get how we have to explain that we wouldn’t call for violence against police because the sub is filled with tons of threads supporting them. This one would be an open and closed case because of the overwhelming evidence of our support. Media Matters et al. definitely used plants on this one.
Is this permanent?
cant we build our own site/forum? too expensive?
BLUE FORVER! US ARMY! MAGA
Blatant election meddling by China.

China China China...can we get a special counsel?
This is outrageous bullshit and now people will do even more fake attacks on us to frame us, since this obviously worked.

The good news is, most T_D users only come to reddit for this page, so it should be fairly doable to relocate the community to another place.
I've never seen anyone on here threaten the police. This is a false flag.
I have never seen any threats here..
Wtf? This is some striaght up bullshit, we love the Police!!!
It's a quarantine, only email verified accounts can opt in. Shadow banning will now commence!
BLUE LIVES MATTER!! Antifa and other LEFTIST groups claim our men in blue are "pigs in a blanket" and other derogatory things
Great respect for the police and the very difficult job they do. I wonder if you'll hear that from the ironically named ANTIFA mob.
Law and order. Support the blue. Don’t be like Antifa.
loooooool.
Where do we regroup when they kill the sub? Because they're going to. Essentially all quarantined subs get nuked, eventually.

And, I pray it isn't voat.
what a farce
Ive been unsubscribed from the_donald what the heck?
Funny how they claim the mods didn't get reports on the same week reddit shut down modmail...
The hypocrisy of those cop-hating lefties is phenomenal.
Sounds like it's time to move ro voat. 

If 750k move there the place will immediately improve.
The left are a bunch of weasels in how they approach things. This is obviously a frame job. They take pride in ruining people. Such a sad existence they must have.
It's everywhere else that seems to be against police.
Fuck Reddit, liberal pieces of shit! Restricting free speech in only the subreddits they don't like!
What is the escape plan for thedonald?? They're going to shut us down. Where do we regroup? Saidit? Voat? Gab? Other ideas?
F
Test
Theres literally 25 death threats in any random major news sub.  The fact that they can even pretend like that isn't true is mind blowing. We only have two options left.

&#x200B;

1) The govt blows silicon valley the fuck up with regulations (WARNING\*\*DISCLAIMER\*\*\*THIS IS NOT A THREAT OF VIOLENCE\*\*\*IT IS A COMMON EXPRESSION\*\*\*\*DO NOT SEND ME TO THE GULAG\*\*\*\*)

2) Some genius conservative needs to create a real alternative to reddit. The ones out there now are a good start, but it has to be even better. It has to be the Facebook to Myspace. But the problem is liberals have the industry on lockdown. It will take a true maverick.
Finally found this dom sub. Can't find it at all through the Android app.
This is insane / NO FUCKING WAY do we hate cops here - of all things they chose to frame us with it was this?????? How dumb could they be - were so pro cop it’s not funny.
What about all the calls for violence against us?

What about calls or violence against the Oregon lawmakers??
Ok....  Here's the truth about the ban.....

&#x200B;

But...... But...    It was her turn.......  Wahhhhhhhh!

Also....

I thought it was Mueller time.......   Peach Mints  Now.....  Bahahhahahahahahahaaaaaaagh........

&#x200B;

Ok.....  We're banned.....
I’ve had to defend police officers on tons of subs. Redditors love to shit on LEOs, according to the shitlibs of Reddit, all cops are racist sexist homophobic white males. Fuck you reddit admins, we love our police officers.
So, the commies new tactic is that the right are anti-police.

  
Yea, honey...that dog isn't going to hunt.
Fuck this site. None of us who frequent this sub daily would say the nonsense that supposedly got the sub quarantined. We all knew this day would come unfortunately though. They were going to use any reason they could to label the sub a harmful place when in reality the users here are some of the nicest you'll find on the site. Feels like no matter what we are always fighting the system even with our guy in office. I'd love to see the opposite happen because I want these fuckers to get smacked around like we do but it would be as unjust as it is happening to us here. Just hope momentum gains more and more from this bullshit and we continue to win even with evil stacking the deck against us.
The truth is, no group on Reddit supports police morethan the_Donald.

so of course they send in fakes and  attack.
In this situation I wouldn't support police, but that doesn't mean I advocate for killing them. Meanwhile the media hypes people up on cops being racist, cops being bigoted, cops being wanton murderers, and this does not count? This is obviously just an excuse to crackdown on right wing speech.
Can we restart on something like Minds?
What do they care?  They constantly hate on cops.
What is this fuckery about being quarantined? Unbelievable. Hey, not censoring anything though, right?
This has to be one of the most pro-police subreddits on the sight. Everywhere else is ACAB all day. Fucking BOOOOOL SHEET.
This is literally retarded
We have supported the Thin Blue Line since day one - and we know there are bad cops out there, but the Good Coos are the VAST majority.  They are our Guardian angels.
I would garner atleast some respect for these leftists if they could admit leftist subs have 1 in 5000 (arbitrary number for example) posts that are "hate speech", posted by some retard. They refuse to even do that.

This sub is pro law enforcement.
Been a frequenter of the sub since before the election. Would have voted for Trump but I'm Australian. Time to get in on the action. Where to after they inevitably ban the sub?
wtf???? really so google, reddit yahoo, screw everyone can sensor but we cant talk about.
test
F\*\*k you, reddit.
We got about 13,000... where are the other 737,000 at?
This quarantine makes me extremely angry. It's lies and bullshit. This is the best community on Reddit. Hands down. MAGA!
[Well guys, it finally happened.](https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/agw6pf/nope_no_brigading_going_on_here/eeaxcvc/)

And just in time for election season.

They knew how much of a threat TD is and have tried to neutralize it. I'm just surprised they quarantined us instead of an outright ban. Who knows though, a ban could be coming our way soon.

On one hand it pisses me off when you look at my reddit history, it's as if I've never posted on the Donald before.

But on the other hand, at least when I post on non-political threads people won't start arguments over politics.
We love our boys in blue!!!!
You posted a threat in your title! You didn't say "boys **AND GIRLS**", you just said "boys". /s
:love:
This is so insane.  One of my main gripes with this sub is that it is too pro law enforcement.
The police are part of the fam... uhhh fam!
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
Boys
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
Okay, how dumb do you have to be? Reddit wouldn't quarantine you for no reason. Either they are, or you're lying. Seeing the antics of the person you're fanboying for, this post probably wouldn't be "further from the truth".
[removed]
Sounds like they're using support for the situation in Oregon as their excuse.
This. I'm on this sub all day in a separate monitor at work for years. I have NEVER seen anyone threaten violence against police or any public official.
Probably some leftist made an alt and posted anti-police stuff.
I'm pretty sure I saw the comment before it was deleted. It was in the same vain as this quote: "When tyranny becomes law, rebellion becomes duty." - Thomas Jefferson

Something about stopping police officers who try to strip us of our rights / violate the constitution.  I don't know how anyone saw that as a call for violence against all police. This quarantine is purely political, nothing more.
That's part of the joke that reddit admins are laughing about. It's as stupid as saying we made threats against the president. They are laughing it up right now.
But the admins posted proof of the violent content they removed. It doesn't contain the slightest proof of violent content, but don't worry I'm sure the comments were bad and not made by shill accounts.
The Left hates and disrespects the police regularly. I shake their hand and give them free cigars.
There's another subreddit which may or may not contain "traphouse" in its name that regularly advocates violence against police. It's not even quarantined, but I guess it's ok if leftists do it.
Same, just more fake news.
7 million users, thousands of posts/threads/comments per day.  on average (based on the print screen the admins provided), ONE idiot per day made a dumb comment.
Have they seen any posts on \r\news?
Yeah if anything this sub is more pro cop than I'm comfortable with.
I bet it was some people pissed off about that democrat governor sending state police to round up republican senators who walked out of a vote to deny a quorum.
Apparently in this thread. I haven't had time to read through it.

 [http://archive.is/vpvb4](http://archive.is/vpvb4)
I made a counter threat against the police and got suspended because in my country they're threatening to arrest people for political incorrectness, even sometimes invented laws that don't actually exist. That includes prosecuting people for simply laughing at the wrong person. I'll defend myself and my liberties in those circumstances at any cost and I still stand by that (I did some poetry that unfortunately is now illegal not just in my jurisdiction but on reddit as well, if I'm persecuted or arrested for the most innocuous thing, I'll then go the the furthest extreme opposite against that necessary, literally anything as long as it either secures my freedom or brings retribution for having it taken for me, it's just unconditional, I have liberty which is no real threat to anyone, but a threat to my liberty is a threat to me and a threat to everyone). Also someone sent my their personal details when I said not to. I asked for a charitable address for to send a Crowder mug. I was about to tell them how stupid that was but admins deleted the message. In spite I sent them the mug. Though that counter threat against political persecution and false arrest was in another sub and is nothing to do with material here. It's a response to the forces own material and the national press. It would be strange if they're using that to justify quarantining a sub by association. Though I fear I may have been patient zero as the way I said it was so colourful an example in the clown tradition it might have given them inspiration to then search for anything similar in their list of subs they wish to subdue but have insufficient cause. That was just over a week ago. I don't think the timing is a coincidence although maybe it is. What I said was brutal, in response to a brutal error, it's hard to believe it wouldn't resonate. It's hard to believe that such resolve would not strike fear into the heart of those who've only ever known push over through either being familiar with advantage or those who are disadvantaged as an existential threat to that state of being of having unconditional power. I'm sorry for that. I'm sorry revealing my resolve may or may not have impacted this community. I'll be more sorry if it causes a loss in resolve. Unfortunately, nothing, not banning me, imprisoning me, humiliating me, urinating on me, beating me, shame, even among my own community, torture, dependence, etc will cause me to lose my resolve, only death, a death sentence will do that so unless people believe in something as brutal as the death sentence to support the exclusivity of their ideology then it's not happening, and you know, I stopped caring about reddit as much, I'm now recruiting people out in the street, in your face, and up your ass. Maybe everyone is being pushed beyond the threshold by the constant never ending drum beat of oppression. Maybe it's not just I happened to set a precedent just before this and that was random. Judge me how you like but I'm (as much as I try to be) always honest and I don't need a confession booth for that.
It's because of Brian Boquist's quote, "Send bachelors and come heavily armed. I’m not going to be a political prisoner in the state of Oregon. It’s just that simple.”
We need someone to compile all of the death threats we've all seen in far leftist subs so we can spread it. Too bad the majority of us have jobs. Would be nice to be a shit-stain journo with no aspirations.
“The threat or fear of violence should not become an excuse or justification for restricting freedom of speech.” 


Alan Dershowitz
The bar for what constitutes a threat on this site vary form admin to admin. I have to believe blackpeopletwits is full of anti police rhetoric. Doubt that sub will get more than a parking ticket as far as admin response goes
There was one comment along the lines of “i’d shoot a cop who was stripping someone of their rights” and a few more along the lines of “stock up on ammo” and the such.  
  
I’ve been here from the start and I’ve never seen pervasive calls for violence nor have I witnessed any community suppport for extreme or violent viewpoints. You get some comments in the spirit of 1776, but it is very unfair how this sub is being intentionally painted.
I have only ever seen threats against police on leftists subs. Notably, blackpeopletwitter, politics, chapotraphouse.
We are PRO police. Putting the Donald in quarantine for threats to police is beyond ridiculous.
Its their way to control the narrative. They want to drive a wedge between us and the people we love and support. Expect more of this type of misinformation. They will try to control the narrative through deception. They know they cant use facts.
I think it was the Oregon posts.  There is a lot of deleted content in those threads.
I think the mental gymnastics they did here are related to the Republican lawmakers who walked out in Oregon. When the Oregon Governor authorized the Oregon State Police to arrest the Republicans, one of the Republican lawmakers stated to the OSP commissioner that he should send bachelors and come well armed if they come to get him because he is not going to be a political prisoner in the state of Oregon. People here posted in support of the Republicans and so, using the magic of mental gymnastics, Reddit now claims that we are threatening violence against the police.
It's the good old strategy of accusing the enemy of what you do. Reddit is full of marxists that openly advocate that all police men are trash with their black lives matter bullshit, so of course they are gonna accuse opponents of what they do.
The most hilarious thing about this quarantine, for me, is that one of the main gripes I have with people on this subreddit is how often I see blind support being given to the police. If anything, I would say that T_D has a problem with excusing incompetence and abuse of power from the police. This has to be the most pro-police political subreddit in existence.
The violent left has always hated cops The alleged threats were definitely a false flag.
This is the most police friendly place on Reddit outside of dedicated LEO subs. Trump is the "Law and Order Candidate" remember that from his many pre-election rallies, and thus his voters, us here on this sub, voted for him partly based on that. 

Contrast us with r-politics where they routinely bash cops, support anti police groups like BLM and CAIR, that call for the death of police. 

This is just like the Mueller investigation and the fake hate crimes like Smollett. We aren't who they say we are so they plant fake evidence and use it against us to prove their imaginary point. In reality we are just their political enemies and they are abusing the system to the max against us. 

These people need to be wholly stripped of all their power, it's very clear what they are doing and we need to be very clear with our response to them. They are trying to steal our country and make us working class slaves. Diplomacy has failed, it's time for action.
Its absolutely insane they put a target on our backs and the excuse for why they did it are COMPLETE BULLSHIT.
Alt accounts get created by shills to post violent content that they quickly screenshot and delete, or leave up until it is reported and they are banned.
Never Ever!
Holy spumoni, my comment is getting a hell of a lot of traffic!

&#x200B;

I'm glad I can be here in support of our leader of the free world!
Did you read the Quarantine post at the top? It lists the sub and the comments by user. It's a localized phenomenon about the Oregon/Militia thread. It's NOT about the sub in general!
> threats against police

LMAO i have seen a thousand redditscums posting ACAB in all kinds of subs
Did someone create a false profile? I have seen zero evidence.
Not once.
It's all recorded here https://www.mediamatters.org/research/2019/06/24/A-pro-Trump-subreddit-is-full-of-calls-for-violence-in-support-of-Oregon-Republicans/224018
A quick reddit-wide search on the term "ACAB" generates a literal gazillion threads of police hatred, massively upvoted. Apparently Reddit is fine with that type of attitude elsewhere. As long as the haters are left leaning or can claim intersectional privilege points.
They’re lying obviously. They just created an excuse to censor us before the election because we were A huge force in 2016.
When Oregon politicians illegally sent police to round up the Republican polititians to force a vote, we said that the private malitias protecting the politicians could stop the police.
they just get off on the mistaken belief that quarantining the donald for threats against police is 'clever' when they are the ones that are the enemies of law enforcement.
Since when does Reddit care about police officers' safety?
And you won't. Some pinkos using throw away accounts have been posting shit in t_d and reporting that it's us pedes
>Since when?  I've never seen threats against police in here.

Never. No threats ever to police. All lies and fabrications. If there was, it was a new comment made by a crazy user who should be banned.
Never seen a single threat against police in TD.  And I'm on here every day for the last couple years.  And made probably a thousand posts.
Agreed, total support for the boys in blue.  This is a leftist false flag crusade against T_D for the most part and they're searching for a few examples of a tiny minority of shitheads on this site too
They just make shit up at this point
I have only seen Anti-Fa & BLM making threats against police and living up to them.

And that wasn't on T_D either.
Most asinine excuse I've ever seen. I've even personally butted heads with people making excuses for them, like when they stood down during the attacks on Trump supporters.

Violence against the police? I guarantee that outside of Spez editing the values, not a single post of that type has ever been upvoted here.
since never. there is not a more pro police environment on reddit than here
They must have gotten us confused with that "politics" place. I bet I could find threats against police and/or conservatives in a couple minutes of reading that garbage.
I'm sure it may have happened, but... it happens regularly on /redacted sub... so... what gives? There's certainly no equal enforcement of policy, because the stated reasons T\_D got ~~banned~~ quarantined, were things that happen (quite literally) daily in that sub, and many others
I don't think anyone has
I think it's from an article posted about Oregon GOP senators leaving before a vote. The gov of Oregon stated they would send police to pick up these senators to make them vote. One of the senators made a comment that they should send non married police officers and a lot of fire power
It was a fuckin lie. A stupid excuse they gave for their actions. In short, it's bullshit.
Just because you didn't see it, doesn't mean it didn't happen.
It's related to the Democrat governor using state police to force Republican state senators to show up for a climate change vote. People probably said some extreme stuff that got lots of upvotes.

But I think this has more to do with the Google scandal, no doubt in my mind. Evil corrupt monsters..
Someone on another post said it had to do w cops in Oregon going after republicans regarding that Bill the commie dems are trying to push through!
I’ve seen more violent posts against kavanaugh, trump, Sarah sanders than anyone else combined.
False flag users must have made the threats. So that they could justify the quarantine.
I never seen any such thing. The Reddit Admin are complete liars.
This is 100% related to the Democrats debate and the Google Fiasco. **100% False Flag**
You haven't. This is the "Blue lives matter" subreddit. They're planting false flags to justify shutting us down.
This sub reaches levels of "back the blue" that should not even be possible....
I don't hate the police.  I have family members who are police.
They said so, that means it's true because reasons.
"Hopefully all State Police in Oregon refuse, hes serious. No problems shooting a cop trying to strip rights from Citizens. If he calls for help I'd come."

That's a direct quote from a screenshot. That's a threat to shoot cops. And there's plenty more found here: https://www.mediamatters.org/research/2019/06/24/A-pro-Trump-subreddit-is-full-of-calls-for-violence-in-support-of-Oregon-Republicans/224018
I have read and posted on T_D daily since early 2016 (under different handles). 

I have **never** once seen a threat of violence against law enforcement on this Domreddit.

Further, President Trump himself is the most vocal supporter of law enforcement and the military to occupy the White House in modern history.

The majority of comments I see here regarding police are positive, except in certain threads alleging police brutality/complaining about certain laws.

However, leftists routinely encourage and commit violence against police and other citizens, particularly groups such as BLM and Antifa, which are praised or at least tolerated elsewhere on Reddit.

Reddit is once again applying a double standard and persecuting a large, mainstream community of users for the supposed "crime" of supporting the duly-elected president of the United States.

I make it a point to represent the pro-police perspective 100% of the time, and even in negative threads, to remind people that the actions of a minority are not equivalent to all or even most police officers.

Law enforcement is a crucial function in our society, and literally allows the law, and thus our society and country, to exist.

Cops are human beings, and human nature means sinfulness. However, American police are typically thoroughly vetted during the hiring process, and are usually highly law-abiding and principled individuals, if not perfect.

Anyone who has a problem with certain laws, such as drug laws, civil asset forfeiture, "[quorum-busting](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quorum#Quorum-busting)" laws, etc., should remember that it is called law **enforcement**, and not law **creation**, for a reason.
Neither have I! Bogus excuse to attack The_Donald!
Just because you didn't see it does not mean it didn't happen. It also doesn't have to rampant for it to be an issue.
I never have either. Since before the election in 2016.... me and my other have never seen this.
On the contrair...there are more pro police posts on this sub than anywhere else on the entire website.
Ive seen some seriously horrific threats against police.... by the left and antifa.

Not by donald supporters.
That's because rules don't apply to liberals
we have to make people aware of the hypocrisy
That makes sense now. 

I remember after the 2016 presidential debates, they would always freeze T_D, and then pretend it happened on accident.
Yup, it’s BULLSHIT that this sub has been quarantined, and of course the timing was coordinated.
There are no coincidences.
we need to spread our opinions out in the wild, we can't stay caged here where no will see us.  We need to try to change minds on the subs where malleable minds exist
Conspiracy theories won't save you.
not even just law enforcement, they talk that way about conservatives... real nice actual PEOPLE.
If it was due to threats of violence against police, r\news and r\worldnews wouldn’t even exist anymore. It’s such bs lol 🤦‍♂️.
 Because rules aren't meant for liberals. Liberals are to be allowed to call for murder and violence as long as they are liberals
Some of those extreme left subs have disgusting threats of violence in them. This is a total set up. our mods were not notified it was straight to the papers. Dinosaur media at it again
>Saying "pigs in a blanket" is saying you'd be okay if cops died. It's not a call to violence.

^ Example quote upvoted in the news subreddit comments. If they were trying to make an honest argument this level of cognitive dissonance wouldn't be possible.
I've been called horrible things in that sub just for questioning the hate they have for Trump.
Build your own conservative platform so they can't silence you during crucial moments in our countries existence. Reap the ad revenue you're giving them now, empowering them.
I wouldn't really call myself a trump supporter, but I just came here because I heard about all the drama. After looking through everything I really don't think it's at all fair that you guys are going to be banned. Reddit used to represent free speexh and the it seems to me that the admins are just looking for an excuse to fight back against you guys. Even if I don't agree with your political views I still believe all of you should have your own opinions and you should have a safe space to share them.

  


I wish you all good luck.
> It's an excuse with no evidence

Yup. They found *and quoted* some of the horrible comments then said that the comments were removed at the time of reporting. Like, come the fuck on!

Spez admits to sucking massive donkey dick, but he deleted this comment of his recently. Trust me implicitly when I say that it existed!
Your comment was automatically removed because you directly linked to an outside subreddit or other user. This rule was put in place by Reddit admins because they don't want our users "interfering" in other communities.  Moderators will review for approval

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/The_Donald) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Democratic primaries are tonight, they want us focused on something else.
Of all the reasons they could have said for a quarantine why that? The stereotype for rightwingers is stupidly pro cop so this is just a weird reason.
I tried that and the mods threatened to IP ban me for abusing the reporting system.
Let's make this clear: none of us have seen ANY call to violence.
Reddit wont ban them unless it goes against their agenda
They literally hate cops in the rest of Reddit. Openly.
I think I'm going to put up a Thin Blue Line flag on my pole now, thank Christ I live in a red area.
It was media matters. https://www.mediamatters.org/research/2019/06/24/A-pro-Trump-subreddit-is-full-of-calls-for-violence-in-support-of-Oregon-Republicans/224018
The moment I saw that as a "reason," I knew this was bullshit.
Such BS. I’ve never seen one negative thing against LE here. All over the rest of Reddit? You bet. It’s one giant anti-LE circle jerk.
I find it disheartening how many people are getting it wrong, so I’ll try to make it as clear as I can for you:

#**REDDIT DID NOT QUARANTINE THE_DONALD BECAUSE OF THE THREATS. THEY DID IT BECAUSE THE MODERATORS DIDN’T DO ANYTHING TO FIX IT.**

Additionally, the moderators chose to **outright disable** the report feature using custom net code. When they said in their announcement, “None of these comments that violate Reddit’s rules and our Rule 1 were ever reported to us moderators to take action on,” they **knew** that the lack of reports were really their fault, and yet they blame it on their own users instead.
The fact that it was supposedly done against police is practically proof that it was fake posts by leftists. It is exactly what they do.
> If t_D is shuttered I hope you all join me to participate in lively political discussion in other large political boards in support of our president.

Redditors all over will learn the hard way that banning a sub is a poor decision because the inhabitants just surge outward.

Every big banned sub has led to a proliferation of the denizens posting all over the place.

You'd think they'd get some empathy for border control out of it as well.
Out of 750,000 members.  Wow, we're completely out of control!
Definitely. If/when they shut us down, we will move in with /redacted. No brigading/calls for violence, but definitely do not hold back with your God given right to speak your mind.
Like the Streets
> other large political boards

any suggestion where we won't get booted?
literally would never come back to reddit if t_d is shuttered
Great idea!
I joined in 2016 because I couldn't believe all the lies about t_d. Lurked for 6 months or so, then joined. 



Found out the lies were just that: lies. t_d is a nice community.
This is my work account and was unjoined until this morning.
I've been posting on a left leaning sub about this. I am frustrated. Hope Trump wins more than ever now.
Same
GET THIS MAN A JACKET! I too was on the fence in '15 then I went to a Sanders meetup... We don't want those people running this country. Welcome to the party pal!
Welcome to the\_donald! Please grab a coat and a brick, and enjoy your stay. The Trump train just got that much faster.
The same people celebrating our quarantine are the same ones who complain that we support and defend the police too much.

Useful fucking idiots.
That's exactly it. 

In the 2016 debates the, T_D would always 'stop working due to unknown issues' after the debates. It was found out later they were doing this on purpose and had been lying about it.
We appreciate you!
Yeah, I'm not a big fan of the drug war from a libertarian perspective, but the cops are still people.  They need to be held to a higher standard, maybe, but it's absurd that reddit would claim this sub (of all the political subs on reddit) is the most police toxic.

This is likely to distract attention from the upcoming 2020 democratic debates.  They want us focused on this B.S. instead of the talking points presented by American politicians running for president.  They are attempting to interfere with the 2020 election.
That's because this was a coordinated effort. Why do you think so many major leftist news outlets are picking this story up? They had someone setup some LARP accounts, post about some violence, and then made an article on it. Right on the Democrat Party debate night (where we would of course been making spicy memes). The Democrats are desperate and will do anything (censorship, fascism, ballot harvesting, illegal voters), to win these elections. All they care about is power.
[deleted]
welcome bud
Thank you for support and welcome!
It always a pleasure to to find someone that still has solid principles no matter what side they are on.
Welcome, friend. Sorry you have to see the sub like this. Normally it's a good time party. It's completely infested with shills now as you could clearly see by the downvotes and nasty comments. If you decide to stick around, you'll quickly see what we're accused of can't be farther from the truth.
I also identify as a classical liberal. I feel like there's an ideological war going on in the left, where the new progressive fraction is brain dead, and that is the one you make fun of here on the_donald, and it's also the one that is seen mostly in media headlines. But there's equally an ideological war on the right, between the classical liberal, capitalist friendly values and the new alt right nationalism wing. And that side is equally retarded, and it's the one I see championed here at the_donald. I am disgusted by the progressive left, but I'm afraid of the new alt-right.  I also don't think the 'progressive' left is as prominent in the democratic party as it's often made out to be. Whereas in the right, the alt-right movement has practically taken over the republic party. I would also say the alt-right is strictly more harmful than the progressive left, there are so many lies and they believe in every single conspiracy theory out there. So as a classical liberal, while the choice is between a rock and a hard place, the rock is in this instance a huge boulder heading towards you. So for me the choice is still democratic.
thanks mate, I wish there were more folks out there like you
Classical liberal and supports trump. lol
And they don't give a shit.
spez is a cannibal pedo apologist.

just sayin...
Lol! A great looking group!
Turns out AOC is a reddit admin
True any moron with a device connected to the internet can create an account and post something then report it with another to get us quaranteed. Of course the admins could careless they want us gone.
And attempting to murder entire republican baseball teams during practice.
Not a bachelors in gender studies and social justice though. They can stay home
But wasn’t that a quote of one of the Senators? Or am I totally missing something.  I haven’t seen a single example of a TD user saying something against police. 

Spezzed
Rules only apply to everybody else.
Probably the ONLY pro-police sub on Reddit
That's the point, though.  The reason given is intended to be absurd - in order to humiliate T_D members and make people grovel to the Reddit admin gods before they will reopen this sub.

 “In my study of communist societies, I came to the conclusion that the purpose of communist propaganda was not to persuade or convince, not to inform, but to humiliate; and therefore, the less it corresponded to reality the better. When people are forced to remain silent when they are being told the most obvious lies, or even worse when they are forced to repeat the lies themselves, they lose once and for all their sense of probity. To assent to obvious lies is...in some small way to become evil oneself. One's standing to resist anything is thus eroded, and even destroyed. A society of emasculated liars is easy to control. I think if you examine political correctness, it has the same effect and is intended to.”  -  ― Theodore Dalrymple
Yeah neither have I mate. The other subs it's blatant.
Highest Underrated Comment
It's the left, they fear of being exposed because Google took a very big hit with Project Veritas video.
Then you haven't been paying attention?
way to go you! would you consider doing a vlog or something? it would be super cool to follow along with your progress.
We love you! Thank you for your service.
The left are anti police, and pro black crime.
Same. They are lying. It's just an excuse to try to shut us down.
I had to unjoin and rejoin to add it back to my lists.
This.
God bless you sir. Stay safe!
its all lies even before i joined the donald i was told its racist/sexist/violent and now being here for so long ive never EVER seen any of that type of stuff - as a matter of fact its one of the most welcoming communities ive ever been apart of online
Your FB friend is obviously full of shit. I’m sure some shill comments at the bottom of threads with negative or zero upvotes have said something of violence but almost no one sees that (how can you possibly stop all comments?) 

This was clearly coordinated effort to take us out.
I'm willing to bet all of them do.
Welcome aboard!
Welcome, friend!
Welcomer, pede! Someone get this patriot a coat.
Well said. They cant win a debate
##FightReddit, don't walk away.
Except when they...y'know...let Antifa run amok.

...and don't even get me started on the cops in the UK.
Welcome aboard!
Precisely.
It's no mystery as to why they chose police.  They know main stream conservatives love the police.  Divide and conquer.
It will, I believe the fate will be very similar to Facebook. The out of touch people will still be on it.
[removed]
I'd put money on it.
Nothing's settled yet. Meanwhile, though, stay here. We're still going.
Welcome!
Don't know if they were real threats. Likely made by people trying to make us look bad.
THIS!!!
Not acceptable.
They found about 30 posts decrying the use of the Oregon State Police to apprehend the state legislators that have left the city/state so as to deny the Democrat majority a quorum. 

They were not threats, most of them were about armed rallies in the streets, which are perfectly legal to everyone except for psychotic, gun grabbing Liberals.
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/449143232597590026/593545202850070539/TqJNENFQapMRkFJwN-pX2G83xNVgYuzMZLsC_boAHak.png

Notice something?
There was some talk on the chans about Reddit profiles being bought and used by leftist shills.  

I would live to know if this is true.
\-organize. Start by reading some of the work of David Hines: [https://jacobitemag.com/2017/08/18/putting-hardcore-politics-to-work-for-you/](https://jacobitemag.com/2017/08/18/putting-hardcore-politics-to-work-for-you/)

  \* Find 5 people who know that are righties. A simple group of 5. Pick something small and achievable and do it -- show up at a city council meeting. Register people to vote. 

  \* Don't spend all your energy posting alone online. Real life is more important. Don't disappear from being online, but it's not a substitute for real life organization. You will get depressed and burnt out if all you do is complain online. Achieve something in real life and you will feel empowered. Then go post about your success and recruit more people online.
[removed]
It's because he is gay.
Heh, good point.
I'm sure plenty of LE vote blue. That's not the point of the post, though.
Nah just can't break any further rules.

Eventually it'll be lifted as long as no more rules are broken.
Agree re: Voat.
exactly everyone who has been here knows this place loves the police , it's actually outside of this place they have a hate fetish for our law enforcement.
Whoever is waiting for Maddow etc to spew the talking point.
We all are.
So far I am having no issues using the Reddit Is Fun app.  T_D still shows at the top of my favorite subs and was able to continue past the quarantine straight from the app.
sure...but T_D was fucking huge and crucial for all that breaking news shit during the chaotic oct 2016. remember how we debunked pusytape and then read up and found some juicy shit from the DNC/podesta email leaks? what other public area that actually gets millions of daily views from normies are there that is pro-trump? there is none.
Your comment was automatically removed because you directly linked to an outside subreddit or other user. This rule was put in place by Reddit admins because they don't want our users "interfering" in other communities.  Moderators will review for approval

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/The_Donald) if you have any questions or concerns.*
We probably will before then
Apparently Media Matters and cox found about 30 posts in over 100k that “called for violence”

Yet when/politics or /chaparral house call for cops and their families  to be killed, Reddit applauds them.
One of the lawmakers that fled said to only send single police officers after him meaning the harm he would do would be greater had he to hurt or kill a married officer or officer with children...

&#x200B;

'they should be *single* and well armed'
No one threatens Oregon State Police, you parody of a thinking person. They were talking about armed rallies, which are legal.
I think you have to approve this site thru your desktop before you can see it again on mobile. 

I'm sure someone smarter will give you better advice.....
I’ve asked them constantly for links, but they never reply. 

They are just the brown shirts of today.
Just make a website that looks exactly like the_donald. Essentially Reddit is a forum, and forums are easy to make.
Low energy. You’re gonna have to spice it up or fuck of back to all.
If you saw screenshots on this sub calling for the killing of cops that weren't immediately downvoted and taken down; then yes, yes they were fake. Nice to hear you care so much about our boys in blue, though. I look forward to you showing your support in similar fashion across all subs.
[deleted]
Please post. They only showed deleted comments, no content. Since you’ve seen them post. Otherwise, fuck off.
WHy is everyone linking their random shit site hoping to get clicks lol I get trying to take advantage of the situation, but maybe leave it up to some one like a popular mod that people actually know and respect?
Gently buddy gently. And With permission.
Usually fascists are the one banning people for talking about politics.   Not the ones being banned.  If you support shutting down this sub YOU are the fascist.
I gotta report you dude. Its part of the quarantine rules. No bad behavior towards the people that save lives! Next time you are getting robbed or killed, you make sure and don't call the police you hypocrite
Lol, imagine being this fucking retarded. This place has been under an shadow quarantine for over a year. And yet here you are seeking it out. Fucking zero self reflection.
No one threatened cops, crybaby.
You realize that shit isn’t tolerated and gets deleted here? Only after it gets downvoted to oblivion. Meanwhile politics and the rest of reddit can continue with their violent talk with no problems lol
Shouldn't you be crying at the sky?  Have fun watching your shitshow tonight.
You utter fool.
Ready for that IP ban?
[removed]
“Nazis”, we’re called by an actual fascist. 

Loser.
I tip my fedora to you, sir
Yaaaaaaaaaaawn
Now that's true anger right here, feel for your type.  Go cry at the sky.
enlighten me on what the "most repulsive and disgusting trash" is?
reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
What happened there?
Christ.....
If our president and our representatives don't get on this shit, they're going to disconnect him from a significant chunk of his base.

Something needs to come of all this censorship. If they continue to censor us, then when they cheat in 2020 we won't be able to spread the bullshit and organize a plan
They are getting pressure because we want Google's election meddling dealt with.  It is exactly why the quarantine.
Yes, I'm pretty sure that is the case.
[removed]
Support for the terrorists threatening violence against the police.. probably so, genius.
It doesn't happen. We support the Military and Police here. Regardless of sex/race etc..

&#x200B;

Except for that woman who let the homeless guy kick the unsecured firearm and then panicked. She shouldn't be a cop.
Ditto. Literally since 2015, seen sketchy shit a handful of times and it's always been buried and eventually deleted.

Nobody here supports violence, thats the childish left's tactics. We put facts and logic above feelings and it's never been logical to advocate violence.
I am so fucking angry about this.

I'm legit afraid of what happens next. Not because of any act of t_d subscribers. We are well behaved and very good people.

But Reddit Admins are fucking evil retards in the pocket of the DNC. Quarantine is always the first step towards a ban. And with what happened to Veritas?

I am truly praying for the future of T_D. I don't want to see it go. Now, or ever.
Hey, it's your boss. Come to my office.
Even when you “go deep” in the comment sections. Never seen it.
I have... It's no bueno.
the reason you never seen it because it never happened.
Me too.  On here daily..Has never happened on this sub.
This is 1 day after Vox tweeted about td "inciting violence"
Gas lighting 101. It's always the left creating fear to assume power
It’s about time we organize what site or forum we will go to because it’s only a matter of time before they shut this shit down. Is T_D on Gab the best alternative or T_D on Voat?
"One of you did it so we punish millions of you." <-- seems like this is passed most villains in history and now they're into being like fantasy villains.. like Thanos
This is exactly what happened. 
Get the evidence of these posts, guarantee its not a regular poster. 
Anyone can come in here like steve buscemi with a skateboard going hey fellow pedes and deliberately post rule breaking posts.
Some Reddit admin*
The left has one 4D chess move to its disposal. It's called the Smollett.
Implying they'd ever take part in such a nefarious deed.
You mean like they already do in every single one of their subs?
This.
It was media matters actually.
https://www.mediamatters.org/research/2019/06/24/A-pro-Trump-subreddit-is-full-of-calls-for-violence-in-support-of-Oregon-Republicans/224018
Lol
We know how the marxist fucks operate at this point. Pretend to be a part of a community, post inciteful shit, publish the wrap up smear in the press with their degenerate friends. The end. 

May they all have leaky bowels for weeks on end.
Everything is either leftists or long noses fault
I believe there are leftist trolls on here trying to tarnish our classy community. We are a classy group of people and I would like to see it stay that way.
Guaranteed to be an antifa member shit talking the Portland cops that arrested his/her/xes friends
They've been doing it for months. Ive reported dozens
False flag
>Probably some leftist made an alt and posted anti-police stuff.

Bingo.
As a disabled veteran anyone who cant believe we have a police problem in this country is ignorant. Republican, Democrat or otherwise.
Basically how incels was taken down, except with a rape threat post and actual comet ping pong
Media matters has had their eyes on T_D for a while. It was impossible to prevent something like this. It's too bad, this was one of the political subs I enjoyed most. You guys had more breaking news correct than nearly any other sub.
Anything to get us deleted
Yeah and if someone did that on politics or political humor they would never quarantine it.
I've always figured they would make accounts and do that  - it has a major warning of coming in here. this attack is real and i think reddit is making a huge mistake by doing this.
I saw a leftists gloating about doing this.
And all the right wing folks upvoted it so that it gained attention?
Nah, its even stupider than that. The communists of reddit claim we do, and that is it. Nothing else
That’s what I think. 

Huge frame job.
That has to be it. Some green haired, mentally challenged, and gender confused kid is trying to get rational speech taken down because it doesn’t align with it’s feels probably posted shit like that.
Which is why they will never provide the evidence for people to examine. It'll be too obvious.
Almost like some actor staging a fake lynching or swastikas drawn on a black church by a member of that church.
So are you for the police bring in the Republican representatives to vote?
Obviously the case, basic leftist troll tactics 101
This is what I’m thinking. It’s weird that 

1. We are very pro police 
2. The article came out on the 24th 
3. We were banned today
4. I’ve been er seen calls for violence 

Almost as if it was a preplanned attack to get us banned. But why? *jk I know why*
Lol ok
Yep, that’s totally “inciting violence”, but constant literal calls to “punch Nazis” and “kill police” from leftists sources are A-OK!
It's absolutely political. I'm getting political fatigue from all this.
There was a post on here linking to a politics post where a user was calling for violence against government and police.  The dude’s post history was some sick shit.  I’ll see if I can find it.  I bet politics hasn’t been quarantined.
Well, police are law enforcement. What law are they being sent to enforce? If that law violates an inalienable right or our Constitution, their oath isn't to defend that law, but to defend the Constitution.
They quarantined the sub right before the Pinko debates. Pretty obvious move really.
[removed]
the hilarious part is that it does show one of them removed Project Veritas thread about Google though LMAO
Yep, it’s a vague screenshot, which is enough evidence for those who “know we’re already guilty”.
Absolutely true. There isn't any evidence in that post at all. Only their mind-numbed useful idiot followers would accept that.
Here it is sir Admin, a flat-out example of violence on THE\_DRUMPFHHT. This man admits to violently shaking police officers and to violently making them inhale smoke.   


CASE CLOSED.
Very true. The bias is very clear. If this is their reason for quarantining this subreddit, then many other subreddits should also be quarantined.
I wish them a boring shift.
Mass report their calls for violence www.reddit.com/report

They won't do anything, but their hypocrisy will come out during discovery when big tech has their day in court.
Literally a subreddit called fuckthepolice. Everywhere i talk about law enforcement, or my major in criminal justice outside here gets me hate.
And Media Matters was paying that idiot to make thees particular comments.
Wanna know what's funny? I read the entire thread and there is no call to violence at all. Only thing I see is saying "prison time is warranted" or "put them in handcuffs" referring to either illegal immigrants or subversive US officials acting against USA interests................................................... this needs to be spread very far and wide.
I finally read it and there are no threats to LE in there.
Definitely comments altered by spez. He has a documented history of secretly editing comments for lulz.
Yeah, I think that is what they are using to make the false claim that we are threatening violence against the police. The magic of mental gymnastics.
I'd show up to protect the Republicans in my area too. Especially if the 'powers that be' where using the local police force to push through Socialist/Communist legislation.

&#x200B;

Laws enacted by a rogue government are defacto null and void of authority.
No, we need to make a reddit clone that is ACTUALLY for free speech.  It will get popping quickly.
I have a cousin who's a sheriff's deputy.  The only time I'd be anti-law enforcement is when they blatantly deny rights.
Saddle up, lock and load!
Most likely. Meanwhile, treating Republicans like criminals and hunting them down at gunpoint is apparently totally cool with Reddit.
And yet they accuse US of sitewide rules violations.
Imma start using the thin blue line American flag once pride month is over
They're not even real liberals. They're communist scum who fantasize about throwing dissedents into gulags
>That's because rules don't apply to ~~liberals~~ marxists

FTFY
No T\_D fan would be against cops to the point that Reddit would have to shut down the sub.

After the debates, they'll probably chalk it up as a happy little accident. At least we may get chapo or LSC quarantined.
Spez is a totalitarian egotistical self-proclaimed Fuhrer of the Reichddit.
With a completely absurd reason. T_D against cops? That's like saying T_D is pro-abortion or anti-2A.
By Bezos or soros?
[removed]
The same way this sub talks about “leftists”
Hey, if they want us to report more comments that make threats of violence on reddit, then let us report more comments that make threats of violence on reddit.
[removed]
[removed]
I would totally hop on board with this, but there's one problem.  By building our own conservative platform we're creating our own echo chamber.  A lot of liberals won't even dare to create an account on that platform knowing it's conservative.  So, in the end our voice won't spread as far as it would in TD, because TD exists in liberal space.  Our chances of changing a liberal's point of view are always behind enemy lines.

However, in the end, since Reddit (the cucks that they are) has quarantined us, we're pretty much in the same field as if we did have our own platform.

&#x200B;

Pros and consTrue freedom of speech vs limited exposure, or maximum exposure with risk of censorship.

All big tech is heading down a dark road.  I fear what's next is our ISPs.  I also fear that if any competition does spawn, big liberal cuck tech will use all of their legal power to crush them.

Trump needs to do something, but even Congress might stop him.

I hope we can do something...
[deleted]
really? what the fuck
VPN
long yuuuuuuup. they rig the system against people like us.
See how liberals from chaposhithouse are allowed to call for violence for instance
Aren't law enforcement officers just the worst, fellow caterpillar. This locomotive has no means of reducing velocity.
Start reporting everything you see. Not that it will do anything, but at least it will be somewhat cathartic
They write "ACAB" all the time....SMH at this blatant false flag operation by Media Matters.  Soros, Brock and Shariablew win this round, but we've been fighting back these fucks for years now, and we will continue to do so.
chaposhithouse Liberals openly call for violence and murder daily
I have a sticker on my car in a blue town.  Never had any trouble, thankfully.
Don't waste your breath man the folks here want to be victims, they're not going to give that up.
Hope you enjoy only being able to comment every 10 minutes because your karma is artificially lowered.
There aren't enough of trump supporters on reddit to really make a difference tbh.. Most of this sub is fake accounts or bots.
https://www.cc.gatech.edu/~eshwar3/uploads/3/8/0/4/38043045/cscw2018-chandrasekharan-reddit2015ban.pdf

I'm not saying what you guys are doing is hate speech, at all, full stop. Im just posting this to show the efficasy of censoring certain types of ideas and speech.  It shows that your statement


> Every big banned sub has led to a proliferation of the denizens posting all over the place.

isn't true.  Sorry, but if you guys are banned, you'll be largely snuffed out considering the popularity of this site compared to others. 

The bread and butter of the conclusion

>Users participating
in the banned subreddits either left the site or (for those who remained) dramatically reduced
their hate speech usage. Communities that inherited the displaced activity of these users did not
suffer from an increase in hate speech.

Best of luck standing up for your cause.
*7 million
There's gotta be some board on this wretched pile of puke that discusses politics.
ahhhh its good to be back.
i love all you patriotic screwups, seriously. this community is awesome.

came back after a long hiatus because of this bullshit quarantine.

lies lies lies. they make up their reality as they go. t_d is beyond fine.
That's why it's mind-numbing to speak to them.  It's like screaming at a brick wall.  These people who don't read full articles, don't watch full videos, won't crack a history book...call US brainwashed.  They're going to feel like shit when they find out Trump's saving the fucking world
Double-think is cool if it helps advance your political agenda.
The comments in those anti police threads are worse than anything I've ever seen here
Well said.
The alt right was a tactical rebranding by white supremacists. They recruited people masking their beliefs and acting like a hip cool young alternative to conservatives, then they took the masks off and the media smeared all of the right as white supremacists. There's actually not that many white supremacists in the county, between 10k and 25k. Black supremacists actually make up a larger population of about 45k, relative to population size these are both small numbers though. To this day their still smearing people as alt right  even gay Jews and black conservatives.
There’s that also...
Those are exactly whom I would wish would come after me in such a scenario though haha
Yes it was, and such a good quote we could not help but celebrate it.
Do you have a post you would like to share to prove your point?
I'm sorry I don't live on Reddit.
I don't know! I'm not really up on all of the cool internet things despite the fact I should be at 30. I certainly do not mind doing updates on the process though. I'm just never sure who would even care, or where to go with my thoughts.
Just like all the lies about Trump.  They hate us all and the only way to beat us is to try to silence us, because they can' t beat us on ideas.
They’re just trying to do their jobs, with the violence of antifa it must be near impossible to control them
Facebook has turned into a forum for grannys to play candy crush.   It will soon go by the way of Oldsmobile.
It will be glorious.
Is "anti-evil" the username of the one that did the reporting?
Is that a threat of violence or is it ok when you do it?  Hypocrite.
Is your moms pussy available?
[removed]
You still think reddit is acting in good faith?   This subreddit will be banned permanently sometime during the 2020 elections.
This quarantine will lift or not until next election and then they’ll ban us. Probably a month or two out from election. Remind me. One year.
[deleted]
[removed]
Hello fellow caterpillars
[removed]
what do you mean, "shadow quarantine"? I see this sub in r/all all the time
The state legislature is trying to pass some unpopular commie legislation. Cap and trade higher fuel taxes, regular people won't be able to afford to heat their homes, etc.

Republicans in the legislature suggested putting it on a ballot initiative. Dems, having a majority and apparently seeing polls that the initiative wouldn't pass, said no. So Reps have refused to show up for the legislative session, meaning they don't have a quorum, or enough legislators present to vote. 

The pinko governor has threatened to send the state police to force the legislators to show up, which is a legal power she has. Some of the legislators have threatened to resist and are being protected by local militias. It's likely some or all have fled the state by now.
Democrats threatened Republican representatives that they'd have the state police kidnap them and force them to attend a voting session and the Republicans rightfully told them to bring guns.  Apparently thats threatening violence against police, to mentally ill leftists.
If not that, they'd have found or manufactured another excuse. When pinkos are in a position to enforce rules, never expect them to be evenhanded about it.
That’s what happens when you replace God with government.
I'd rather the Oregon state police are brave enough to refuse to be the tool of totalitarian leftism.
> terrorists

Freedom fighters, pinko.
And not because shes a woman, but because she couldn't handle herself.
> Except for that woman who let the homeless guy kick the unsecured firearm and then panicked. She shouldn't be a cop.

link?
Or Broward county that one time
Most accounts that we catch promoting violence are less than a few days old.
As long as they're being paid to enforce anti-male policies (see Duluth model) they will not receive my support.
[removed]

I’ve never seen anything like this one article describes:


“r/The_Donald has been a gleefully pro-fascist eyesore on the larger Reddit community, which, for reasons no one seemed able to justify, had evaded any sort of meaningful enforcement of site-wide policies”


I decided not to finish reading this garbage
hmmm
https://www.mediamatters.org/research/2019/06/24/A-pro-Trump-subreddit-is-full-of-calls-for-violence-in-support-of-Oregon-Republicans/224018

Media Matters found a whole 20 or so posts in a place that gets tens of thousands of posts an hour...
Meanwhile on PublicFreakout...
The actions of the reddit admins that did this are targeted harassment and threats against T_D and its users.

EVERYBODY PLEASE REPORT THIS ABUSE TO REDDIT
You mean Carlos maza claiming we're violent aka he doesn't like our viewpoints.
Apparently saying NO to their bullshit is "inciting violence"
The same guy that Crowder made fun of which resulted in him being demonetized.
And they wonder why we despise the media so much... sheesh 1984 Much?
Oh yeah, that stupid faggot, gaywonk, called for T_D to be deplatformed. I hate him. I hope he is well and all, but he's a real piece of shit.
This is a media matters op: [https://archive.fo/C7P0c](https://archive.fo/C7P0c)
Research the situation in Oregon.  Vox and NPR and CNN all pushed a narrative.  I kept getting Google notifications about Republicans siding with militias and other BS.  Media Matters complained about TD amplifying the story and used that as an excuse to silence TD.  


The Oregon Story has connections to everything we stand against: Tyranny of the Majority, Government overreach, Over Taxation, Using bad Climate Change science to push a narrative, Silencing decedents.  My state has become the epicenter of this liberal shit storm.
The 'lispy queer' said to "milkshake everyone" so he's just a giant hypocrite.
You mean the outlet that defends Antifa and BLM?  The people who *actually* call for violence against the police?  The only comfort I find in those people being fascist is that they are insanely stupid.  Do they honestly think this will make us look bad?  Are they really that dumb?
You heard the good video, they were the only one finger caught. The election is ramping up, the DNC can't have free speech sully their desired outcome.
Gab has no app and voat is fucked up tbh.
The ban is hours, maybe days, away at this point.
I'm on the discord so there's that
the discords probably the place to hit up first if shit goes down.
Swarm like centipedes. That's a new forum right? All of Reddit?
Get on the Discord channel.  And be patient.
'Anyone can'   
And they do!
I don't think it's an accident they went with that. The Left is so aggressively in your face about it's lawlessness and hypocrisy these days. Seems like a demoralization tactic. All your laws, norms, and customs are belong to us.
or maybe both sides have a lot of inbred morons and none of it is okay?
This was the kick we needed, we can't rest.  Have some coffee and nut up soldier.
I'm a quiet trump supporter like many many people I know. Afraid to be demonized for supporting America. Reddit is full of non Americans who would like nothing more than the USA to fall. Never going to happen. They dont understand just how many damn people like me who are quiet and go about their day working to support a family. Never seen violence here. The last post I replied to was calling for violence against conservatives and I reported and called him/her out. They are going to find out quickly America is NOT to be fucked with and the hard working americans that live here and abroad will support our president. They poked a beehive. A very big, very quiet( they think the Donald is our entire voice) beehive.
I sometimes envy the normies who're still lulled by the media, just following the trend, not knowing what's happening behind the scene. 

Once you swallowed the red pill tho, there is no going back to sleep. Constant fight against the stream. So I feel you about being fatigue.

Being a quiet Trump supporter,  events like this don't discourage me. It makes me want to be more vocal strangely enough.

So let's hit the next wave.
It’s a battle I don’t think we’ll win and it’s going to get much much worse closer to election.  The sad part is the plan to “prevent another Donald Trump situation” might actually work.  It’s infuriating.
>I bet politics hasn’t been quarantined.

Of course not, that's a liberal sub. It never will be.

We had posts on this very sub of ChapoTrapHouse wanting to dox a child.

Everyone knows what this was, even the liberals.  Who seem to be okay with censorship.

Again, we won't be wearing pink pussy hats.  They've awoken a sleeping dragon, we were getting complacent.
Politics never will be quarantined.   Why?  Because we dont own the media.  The only reason this shit happened is because someone wrote about it in the media.  It's a setup I'm certain.  But we down have the media exposure not the pettiness to get subs banned.  Mostly because we believe in free speech.
they normally post death threats against us.
KEK!

This is exactly why I love this place. Even in what could be ^(hopefully not) our last moments we still make fun of the left.
I agree.  But 30 years it was little harder to pass a psych exam.  Look at the retards our universities are sending out.  I met a engineer that couldn’t read a tape measure.  Just saying....
Media Matters, which is funded by an *actual* former Nazi supporter who acted against his fellow Jews.
Looking at that article it was the same idiot each time.
Suuuuuure buddy
Totally agree. I think what they are referencing are the various discussions on the Oregon threads. Edit-I think it’s the Oregon discussions that got us quarantined.
> So, firing squad time right?

So uhh... Whats that then?
They aren't exactly rogue though. This is how our government works; the people elected enough Dems that they can pass anything they want. I don't support the legislation and I don't like that there's nothing anyone can do to stop them short of going into hiding, but calling them a rogue government is a bit hyperbolic.
Reddit is run by people very cozy to an authoritarian communist anti-democratic state so any talk of a citizenry taking responsibility for their future is a no go for them.
I wouldn't be anti-law enforcement in the case you mentioned. I would be anti the cop who acted in such way. Law enforcement is a force for the good, then there might be a bad apple here or there.
Yeah, crazy, huh? And then we get banned for fighting back. Their defense is to try to silence use through censorship - google and now here. They will work to ban other platforms where we go to commiserate and fight against their fascism.
Chaposhithouse are saying the same thing democrats/liberals are
> chapo or LSC quarantined.

Yeah right, because reddit is known for their fairness towards both sides.
I'm fairly certain they'll tighten the noose around us more as we approach the 2020 election. The decision makers of reddit are evil.
> chapo

That's a great joke, as if Reddit would do anything To punish liberals which daily call for violence
My guess is that if there were threats made they where from throwaway accounts just for the sole purpose of making the T_D sub look bad.
And a law breaker. He secretly edited user comments because he has a terrific sense of humor. 


Apparently **47 U.S.C. § 230. Section 230** doesn't apply to communists.
I wonder how long the sub could make kill all whites a meme and not get banned KEK
I'm not buying it boss. We believe in logic, are opposed to systemic oppression by government and none of leftist talking points make any sense. We make fun of them. The memes make themselves
I’m going to report anything I see from now on no matter how vague it is.
What are you going to do?  Keep posting on circle jerk subs?  Cry again when Trump wins again in 2020?
The exact same bias and censorship of TV is what produced Fox News.  And look at it now, it dwarfs the rest of Cable. Silicon Valley has shown it simply cannot rise above the likes of CNN or MSNBC or NYT and will never provide a level playing field if they can possibly help it.
I get your point, but I believe a conservative platform could be perfect simply by being objective. I've checked out GAB and other alternatives and while I support free speech to the max, it's far too easy to run into content I'm appalled by.  There needs to be a platform with a "golden rule" philosphy that also fosters free speech and objectivity so you don't get dominated by either the far left totalitarians or the far "right" racists. I don't exactly know what the solution is yet, but I think when someone comes up with it, it will steal a lot of users away from silicon valley companies that only empower the left.
Agreed
And people still are somehow brainwashed to believe we're the bad guys. Phenomenal.
2016 lmao you're all bootlickers

2019 quick ban them for police wrongthink
Get this comrade a sweatshirt
Report to admins, not mods. www.reddit.com/report
Yeah, well I felt like saying it in case anyone was listening. Thanks for the upvote, friend!
I don't go to /politicscancer anymore, so I don't really see that issue pop up.
Disagree, if you look at the upvote to comment ratio, a lot of posts have very high activity and participation.
Sure thing. And Trump only gets 100 supporters at rallies. GTFO
This. Analytics were leaked by Reddit \~2 years ago (IIRC), and this sub was hovering around 6 million unique visitors each month.
They’ll never find out. I really think many of them are too far gone and too afflicted with TDS to ever see the truth, even if it bit them in the ass.
Right, I don't actually think that many people in the alt-right are racists. What I do think is that they play on the same fears and stir the same feelings as racists did back in the the day. It's still us versus them where the other side is painted as the devil. The other side in this case are the globalists, democrats, George Soros, scientists, the Deep State, communists etc etc. While this obviously happens on the left as well, especially the new 'progressive' left, the lies, conspiracies and lack of genuine interest in truth and good policies seem extra prevalent in the new right. The new right lives on fear, drama and feeling like you belong to a movement - all feelings. There's also a lack of introspection in the new right, you would never throw anyone on your team under the bus because - well you're on the same team. But that's not how it should be, politics should be about the pursuit of truth, there are no teams. The left on the other hand, loves throwing their own under the bus, any transgression and you're out. It's probably also a consequence of the alt-right becoming so dominant in the right, whereas the extreme left still doesn't hold that place in the left.
well i'm older and further removed from cool chick in my 40s and I think it would be so interesting to follow. while feminism sucks, women empowerment stuff can be inspiring and intriguing. especially to older women who didn't have such experiences or know any women that have.

normally i'd suggest youtube, but with all this purging, i don't know if the time investment would be worth it. plus that type of thing is invasive, so i could understand if it's not your thing. in any case, good luck with your career.
Bullshit. I've seen them "stand down" while Antifa assaults people and vandalizes property. I have respect for law enforcement, but the cops who let commie mayors order them around can kick rocks.
Kids are in IG and Snapchat
Not sure. But I find it strange that among messages which seem pro-police are PV videos.
[removed]
What the fuck.
Yeah? Go ahead and link the threats to the OSP, you parrot. 

This will be fun because you won’t. 

PM me the links if you’re banned.
Back to all you go fucktard!
Woah calm down. You can't be calling people lumpy. That's a form of harassment and you are technically being transphobic right now
You are full of shit.
jesus fucking christ. This is insanity. This country is falling apart at the seams. Who was it, Eric Weinstein, who said it's going to "crash" sooner or later.

also in my opinion, this is just the beginning of online 2020 censorship. I have a feeling it's going to backfire spectacularly. It's just going to cause more division and violence. Really sad these scumbags have to resort to book burning and censorship to get their way
[removed]
So, by supporting the Republican legislators, that means we want the cops to die?
Don't forget that the legislation failed bigly on the ballot so the leftists are going to do it legislatively with their super majority.
Trying to slip in emergency clauses to bypass the voting publics disapproval gor such measures.
All I'm saying is, **they think they can force people to vote**. Voting in and of itself is a right, and a CHOICE. And one can abstain from a vote to fuck with someone else, and they get surprised when people finally stand up and say "Fucking make me". Fucking dem's man.
That is thev ery definition of dictatorial tyranny, the very thing the subhuman left accuse Trump, Repubs, Cons and anyone else right of Mao, to be guilty of.
I wonder if this is about the R Oregon legislator who said...

 “Send bachelors and come heavily armed. I’m not going to be a political prisoner in the state of Oregon. It’s just that simple.” 

I believe folks here on T\_D do not see that comment as a call to violence against cops.  How I viewed it is that a tyrannical governor has decided to use the power of law enforcement to arrest and/or imprison political opponents in order to achieve a political objective.  

That is a gross violation of the US Constitution and it's something we here on T\_D feel very strongly about.  And it's also why this sub is also very pro 2A.  But on that same note, we very much support our men and women in blue and the job they do.
And that's where the "threats" came into play because the posts I've seen were discussing the hypothetical scenario of an armed revolution if things got too bad. At that point it is no longer citizen versus police because cops do not exist in anarchy, you've got a whole different thing on your hands that I can't even explicitly type. All I can say **I do not support political violence just stating what I have read.**
Why would they need the guns other than to use them against the state police?
[removed]
Yep. This is more about timing than reasoning. The reasoning will never be solid but today is the beginning of the DNC debates and all coordinated efforts that stem from the DNC.
“manufactured”.
 /hitthenailonthehead
I'm sorry, I've been gone a week from here and feel like I'm behind on so much.   A. What are pinkos? B. Wtf is reddit asking me if I want to go to my favorite sub for?  Someone said something that wasn't reported to mods and were in trouble again? Reddit is lame af
And so what if they do? I still #backtheblue
Lol okay. If they were "leftists" you would be calling for their heads. So mature with the name calling.
Exactly.  We feel the same way about the White Male Coward of Broward County.
Fighting back against a coup and the lies from the media arm of the DNC is not "violent rhetoric"

If you have some specific examples of where he used violent rhetoric please share we would be happy to discuss, but I can't think of any.
> gleefully pro-fascist 

Since when do we support Antifa?
There's no "hmmm" about it, It's Shareblues M.O.

1) Make fake account

2) Post hateful shit

3) Report hateful shit

4) Turn around and say "See!!, They post hateful shit!!"

They've been doing this since 2016 back when they were called Correct the Record.
They are trying to do to T_D what they're trying to do to the president.
And they were all deleted right away, of course. But they don't let facts get in the way of a good narrative!
Then suspend those users instead of punishing an entire sub...oh wait
Wow, look at all those upvotes...

Suggesting we support those comments because 25 bots (at most mind you) upvoted those comments is a joke.  Top content on this sub gets hundreds of upvotes.  Some fringe post with 4 upvotes does not represent this community at all, especially if the screenshot is taken minutes after they were posted.
This pisses me off. None of these are calls to violence!
We are the size of a large city. We have over 750,000 members, close to 1 million different people. If 10 people post hateful stuff that does not represent the other 749,990. How ridiculous.
or badcopnodonut
Or Chapo.
>reddit admins that did this  
>  
>EVERYBODY PLEASE REPORT THIS ABUSE TO REDDIT

That's like googling for google censorship.
July 4th Party in front of Reddit HQ ;)
> You mean Carlos maza claiming we're violent aka he doesn't like our viewpoints.

He pissed we meme'd him for pointing to his own gai-ness.
We should launch our meme war against this cuck.
See Trump. Its obstruction if you don't bend to our will.
Voat is simple free speech.  At least they would never ban our sub.
Minds?
The existing user community on the platform doesn't matter much as long as the admins are pro-free speech. With this many users, we'll irrevocably change the character and reputation of whatever site we move to.
I haven't used Discord or Parler yet. Perhaps one of those?
Just waiting on getting vetted.
Got it. Waiting on getting vetted.
Agreed.  By using such an obviously bullshit excuse to quarantine and then making T_D dance to their tune in order to be released from it, the Reddit admins are doing their best to drag this sub into clown world.  They've lost all relationship to reality and they're angry that some folks on Reddit still have a connection to it.
Yeah this turned from frustration, till I seen a lot of posts saying this is red-pilling them basically, now I'm pumped.
Yeah I will march into that voting booth with so much pride I have never felt this emotions before about politics, they shook the beehive. The stings only get worst the more you keep poking at it.
Amen to that.
They leave us so many openings, too.
Did you reply to the wrong comment?
Media Matters and Share Blue have been astroturfing this Dom for years.  They came out with an article two days ago discussing the exact same thing which was cited for today’s quarantine; threats against police.  Something which is antithetical to the opinions held by most The_Donald contributors.  It’s easy to see what is happening if you care to look.
Probably but who the hell wouldn't want to fight back against an oppressive leftist regime? They're literally enforcing fascism by disallowing public referendum. They're trying to force legislation through without any opposition it's bullshit.
Don't know where ya saw that but I'm opposed to any violence really. One person doesn't speak for an entire group especially when we have explicit rules against it.
Meh... When they ended debate with a declaration of emergency that kind of turned it into a rouge government action.
I think he's talking about classical liberals, not the 2019 American political spectrum.
[removed]
But you can only really report to mods not admins.  Mods on politics don’t care unless it is anti SJW.  Most of the mods on politics aren’t even American.
[removed]
A-fucking men.  Get this fucking shit out of here.

We're done with this garbage, we follow the rules to the letter and they send shills in with fake accounts.
Leftists are sheep. They will believe whatever their handlers tell them.
2016 lmao fook da police

2019 My heavens Margaret, look at these brutish heathens insinuating violence against our dear constabulary; I insist that they cease posthaste!
lol that doesnt mean you have 6 million members
Even when the arrests happen?
I will most certainly think about it and fully agree with your entire statement. Thank you for the idea and support, it's definitely a nerve wracking move.
There are always bad apples.
I weep for my country.
https://www.mediamatters.org/research/2019/06/24/A-pro-Trump-subreddit-is-full-of-calls-for-violence-in-support-of-Oregon-Republicans/224018
[removed]
I agree. They are censoring and manipulating everything.

I noticed yesterday on Youtube that  two that the two videos posted showing body-cam footage of Jussie Smollett with the noose around his neck had only 140 and 153 views. Totally an impossibility. All previous Jussie-related videos had millions of views. 

This country is doomed.
Too bad for them that those books have multiple locations across the country let alone dozens across the planet where they can be uploaded again and again. They can stomp on the fire, but the gasoline on the ground will make that actions even worse.
Fall of ~~Rome~~ America
But Media Matters: "REEEE!!! GUNS ARE VIOLENCE! THIS IS A DOG WHISTLE FOR SHOOTING COPS!!!"

And here we are.
[removed]
It's only the densely populated cities in Oregon that suck so much ass. Like everywhere else in our great nation, the rural areas are very much MAGA country.
And they want to take that right away from us. Forever protect the 2A
In the mind of crazy lefty via galaxy class mental gymnastics, yup.
No, by supporting the terrorist groups that were threatening to kill cops.
I think you have hit the nail on the head, with this spicy observation.
The real question is, why should they allow the police to arrest them as political prisoners.
Yes, that is what happens when you defend yourself, generally you shoot people who intend you harm.  Is encouraging self-defense the same as encouraging violence now?
Pinko is just oldschool for commie.

The sub has been hit.  The hull has not been breached.
The OR state police have no jurisdiction out of OR. Potatoes anyone?
If they were leftists, the multinational media corporations that tell you what to think would be instructing you to cheer for them.
Buh buh buh ANTI-fascists! iTs in tHe nAMe!
Totalitarian commies aren't fascists
Bazinga! lol
> They've been doing this since 2016 back when they were called Correct the Record

That's the group Carlos Maza worked for in 2016, yeah?
Wakey, Wakey, kids.... The Left wants the right dead. Gone... Extinguished. No more...

For now, they’ll just silence us until they can make enough changes to the USA to start the trips to the gulag for incorrect thought. It has happened eventually EVERYWHERE else the Leftists have taken power, why should here be any different? I do not believe this is an exaggeration. The only question is how long it will take them to get to that point.
this behavior predates that.  Anyone else remember the worldnews mod Bipolar Bear that got caught bragging on chat logs about using an alt account to post anti semitic bullshit to get another sub banned?  This was 2014 or earlier.
They spend all that time slinging mud so they can turn around and point out that you're dirty.
*Shariablue
Yup.

It’s no surprise that Maza was linking a Media Matters article showing the offending posts. Media Matters, David Brock, ShareBlue, #CorrectTheRecord. I’ve had suspicious accounts going after me on Twitter and Reddit when I talk about the quarantine.

Scott Adams knows. Those special topics that groups like ShareBlue have an army of randos to fight. Fine people indeed.
And the Leftists in position to censor ALWAYS TAKE THE BAIT and pretend to be oblivious to any political strife that may/may not exist in the real world.

&#x200B;

Then they use real world events to justify online censorship further. It's the worst kind of circle jerk.
Gamergate was the first real successful attempt at this tactic in 2014.

It was proved effective, and used again in 2016 on Facebook.  Now that the tactic is proven out.  Reddit will employ it in 2020 along with Goolag, Facebook and Youtube.
It’s been going on since the 90s with the rainbow push coalition and surely before that but I wasn’t alive to see it
Oh the liberals would NEVER do something like that. 

(cough) SMOLLET
Need a class action against this asshole for conspircy 

Who apponted this lisping cretin minister of cenorship in the first place
Pretty funny how everything they report always has the lone OP upvote or has already been downvoted into oblivion and then they go "SEE!?! Hate speech!!!!"
This has been going on since before T\_D existed.  Media Matters got caught at it over at The Gateway Pundit, when they were first trying to "prove" that Jim Hoft is a racist.
Isn’t that what the FBI does?
You can post whatever you want and threaten who you want on any of the lib subs and get gilded.  But I guess that's not my business
Pretty funny how everything they report always has the lone OP upvote or has already been downvoted into oblivion and then they go "SEE!?! Hate speech!!!!"
that's what SJW's did to FPH...
I don't doubt that for a moment.
Apparently it had to do w posts regarding that vote in Oregon and they weren't reporting it to the moderators rather they were reporting it to the media and others in DNC!
than we do need to do the same
Were the fake accounts banned by mods after being reported?
It was probably Anderson Cooper or Jimmy Fallon since they often forget to change back from their alt accounts LOL
How do we permanently ban those people? 
How can we even get out of this is people are doing this to destroy us. 
It’s because of the Veritas video exposure. Some is mad.
Like Breitbart?
Yep. This was a concerted effort before the DNCs first debate. 

They’re terrified.
That wouldn’t be enough for Carlos Maza from Vox, who is pushing for this...
Yep.
Yup, but they’re “dog whistles...”


They are psychotic.
Preaching to the choir. It’s like people that say that all leftists are bad. I know many that are just normal folks and actually voted Trump because Hillary was so terrible. 

Judging a group based on the actions of a few is always stupid.
or / r / anarchism
Yea, that place is scary, they hate cops!
Or reporting the henhouse raids to the fox.
and for the love of god don't use DuckDuckGo.

[https://www.theinquirer.net/inquirer/news/3072571/chrome-duckduckgo-default-search-option](https://www.theinquirer.net/inquirer/news/3072571/chrome-duckduckgo-default-search-option)

Google adds DuckDuckGo as secret default search engine option for Chrome

&#x200B;

AND THIS:

&#x200B;

*IN THE PAST*, Gabriel Weinberg, founder of DuckDuckGo, a search engine that "doesn't collect user data" collected user data that was indexed by other search engines, for his company Opobox Inc. Opobox Inc was using the user data for targeted advertising UNTIL Classmates.com bought it for $10 Million. [https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Names\_Database](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Names_Database)

"The Names Database was formed in 2003 after Gabriel Weinberg put up pages of names that were subsequently indexed by search engines." [https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Names\_Database](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Names_Database)

"Classmates.com itself (the parent company) has been criticized for controversial business practices and legal issues, but it is unclear how much of this criticism also applies to their subsidiaries. In any case, The Names Database does provide the option of automatically removing one's listing in the database.\[16\] However, these instructions have not worked since at least March 2013. Since July 2013 emails sent to the removal address bounce with a "mail transport unavailable" message. All requests for support through the website's form go unanswered, making it impossible now to be removed from the Names Database." [https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Names\_Database](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Names_Database)

He sold user data in the past to a company that had legal issues, and the company Classmates.com company doesn't allow you to delete user data from the database.

He has done it in the past, and he's going to do it again. If you don't believe me, then give me evidence that he has changed his habits and is not a pathological liar.

Also he doesn't say how he makes money from DuckDuckGo with "no ads" and vpn protection when servers cost money to run, there's no other way he can make money than user data.
Dangit, you got me, I'm Brian Stelter

I know they won't do anything, but it would be nice to flood their queues with dissenting voices.
Oh, you can say it freely: the word you're looking for is faggotry. It's not offensive to gay people, unless they're overly sensitive.
He'd claim you're inciting violence against him.
It's full of people who shout you down while screaming obscenities and other shit. Rather than heavy-handed censorship, voat is censored by the heckler's veto. Trust me. I was there after the fph purge, it fell apart.
Honestly, Minds is the best bet, medium-large content creators are there like Styxenhammer and Tim Pool. And it's normie friendly.
Parler or quodverum?
I like minds but their app kinda sucks.
The top threads on all the other subs including news and subredditdrama are astroturfed as fuck. A bunch of top comments bashing T_D and saying we had it coming.
I came across a statement that indicated that there were discussions about actively organizing  an opposition campaign and possible violence. That would be a violation, but why shut us down over one thread? Even still, what was happening in Oregon was fu@ked up and the people have a right to organize and protest. So I would like to see the original thread so I can understand what was said. T\_D twitter posted a link to the archive, but it isn't working.

That being said, taken in totality, considering the debates tonight, Project Veritas and youtube, the conspiracy theorist in me says this was deliberately orchestrated (possibly even with paid shills) and amounts to blatant censorship. Its really starting to get scary IMO.  At some point, we need to stop being the silent majority.
It was an upvoted comment in that thread, wasn't hard too find. And I understand that one person doesn't speak for the group and all that, I was rebutting your claim that there were no calls for violence.
Last time I checked left wing subs advocate violence much more often and are allowed to stand unquarantined and unbanned.
Actual fascists like yourself always say that when you’ve got your boot on your political opponents kids necks. 

Seek psychiatric help.
Edit: original user said: *You're not the victim*


You're not a hero.
How do? Those subs and the rest of Reddit get away with saying baron trump should be killed, Melanie should be raped, all police should be shot on sight. Comments I’ve reported saying this over at politics and they never even get removed. It’s a joke and they’re doing this for political reasons
Instead of just letting threats go, let's at least report them.  If the mods ignore those reports, they will assume the responsibility and the blame for doing that.
I blame the Russians!😂
Probably, yes. They’ll then believe that Trump has somehow corrupted the police system, or that he has turned into a complete dictator and the police are his SS task force or something. I honestly believe many of them are so brainwashed that there’s no turning them back. Not all of them, but probably a significant portion.
MediaMatters is a fucking joke, by the way. 

But hey, you just keep on being a fascist.
So nothing but maybe 30 posts in a place that gets tens of thousands an hour? Also those posts have next to no upvotes for something that we all “love” on the Don. 

You’re really reaching, actual fascist.
Hey stop thats a form of transgression and im going to call my senator to pass a law
Could just be that YT constantly deletes every copy of it that they see, letting the undetected ones with minimal views be the only ones on the site. Videos of Etika's "I'm sorry" rarely got over 500 views, and when they did they were taken down. And then the next reupload would come in.. rinse and repeat.
CNN did more to encourage cop killings than any random made up comment on reddit could ever.
Based for defending state legislators not attending an unconstitutional voting session.

Like many other commentors have said; We are not the political faction that has disdain for law enforcement.
Republican legislators are terrorist groups?
So you're saying they should shoot the police if they're arrested?
[removed]
Ty
Doesn't matter how they lean. What they are doing is wrong and it's dangerous. I lean left but I don't drink the Kool aid - if some "leftists" did this I'd call for the exact same thing I'd like to see happen to these fucking "militias." Jail. 

They are threatening violence for political gain, that's the definition of terrorism.
Pre-Nazi Germany had them too. They're commies, the commie equivalent of brownshirts.
That ducker again!?
They ramped up their BS last week. Very obvious brigading by multiple accounts
Carlos isn't from CTR itself. I have the full list of employees(including annual salary and twitter accounts) that dropped some time ago, and his name isn't on there. That isn't saying he didn't use an alias, but Carlos there isn't on the list as far as his name/twatter is concerned. I know Media Matters is the parent company, and I don't doubt he had some hand in the shilling on /pol/, but as far as any direct mention of his employment, it's mostly only under MM itself.
[removed]
Here's the question: when they come and demand that your children be taken to an institution, that you need to go on drugs to correct your wrong think, and that you and your spouse will be sterilized, will you fight back?
Here's some secret info for the new people. People reading this, feel free copying and pasting this in various posts to spread. Send it to liberals your arguing with online and friends and family in real life, and maybe they will come around, maybe not immediately, but will cause them to think, and eventually they will come around. This is where all this Leftist cray comes from:

In the early 1900s, a group at the Frankfurt School developed Critical Theory to convert the West to Communism

Basically, the Frankfurt School plan was to undermine the Judaeo-Christian legacy. They called for the most negative destructive criticism possible of every sphere of life to de-stabilize society and destroy what they saw as the 'oppressive' order. 

They hoped their policies would spread like a virus--'continuing the work of the Western Marxists by other means' as one of their members noted.

To further the advance of their 'quiet' cultural revolution - but giving us no idea about their plans for the future - the School recommended (among other things):

 1. The creation of racism offences.

 2. Continual change to create confusion

 3. The teaching of sex and homosexuality to children

 4. The undermining of schools' and teachers' authority

 5. Huge immigration to destroy identity.

 6. The promotion of excessive drinking

 7. Emptying of churches

 8. An unreliable legal system with bias against victims of crime

 9. Creating dependency on the state or state benefits

 10. Control and dumbing down of media

 11. Encouraging the breakdown of the family

One of the main ideas of the Frankfurt School was to exploit Freud's idea of 'pansexualism' - the search for pleasure, the exploitation of the differences between the sexes, the overthrowing of traditional relationships between men and women. To further their aims they would:

*attack the authority of the father, deny the specific roles of father and mother, and wrest away from families their rights as primary educators of their children.

*abolish differences in the education of boys and girls

*abolish all forms of male dominance - hence the presence of women in the armed forces

*declare women to be an 'oppressed class' and men oppressors 

Following Adolf Hitler's rise to power in 1933, the Institute left Germany for Geneva, before moving to New York City in 1935, where it became affiliated with Columbia University.
Meanwhile some holier than thou dude described the_Donald as being facist, when realistically it’s reddit that’s censoring a sub.
This is the same thing the Leftists in our Intelligence Agencies did to get the FISA warrants on Trump admin officials.

Leak info to US media. Reference those stories written by US media to launch investigation.
Not only that, the illegatimate state of Israel has been using false flags against the U.S. for decades!
let people know that they simply have to unsub and sub again to get the_Donald back on their subreddits list. The quarantine deters some people from visiting the sub again since they would assume the sub is either gone or have no idea how to go back to it.
[DEAR REDDIT ADMINS: IF THE_DONALD IS A PUBLISHER THEN REDDIT.COM IS AS WELL -- REMOVE THE QUARANTINE IMMEDIATELY \(long post inside\)](https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/c5unr8/dear_reddit_admins_if_the_donald_is_a_publisher/)
Yes.

https://twitter.com/thedonaldreddit/status/1143976210478841857
I think they legit don’t want the memes to start immediately after the clown show that will be the DNC debates.
As they should be.  I'm not sure how sensoring TD helps their claim though.
This is ridiculous and I'm pissed!
or chapo trap house
They wouldn't hesitate to call the cops if they needed help.  Bunch of edgy teens LARPing
Gaaaaaahhhhhhh, if duckduckgo is completely compromised too, what is the best alternative?
It’s their canary. Did you try to stay a while after it settled?
So it's basically redacted?
Go to tribalwar.com. one of the last free speech forums.
I really wonder how the history books will depict the trump presidency and his followers.
Same thing on / r / conspiracy ... heavily being brigaded by paid shills. All of them are spewing the same lines: "T\_D is racist. T\_D constantly calls for violence. The politics sub isn't left leaning." etc etc. This is definitely a coordinated effort.
It 100% was deliberate. It's blatantly obvious.
Let's see their evidence of the possible violence. Because, to date, I have seen no real evidence of anything. With all the shills running amok here today since we can't freaking deport their pansy asses, I figure they'll be posting things for Reddit so we can be banned. Your time will come, too, useful idiots. Count on it, because there will be a time when what you say is not allowed.
How do you know that particular reddit or wasn't somebody who doesn't frequent this subreddit? How do you know those up votes came from trump supporters?
You are the fascists. That's why the anti fascists are against you all over the country you fucking ignoramus
Pfffft
[removed]
This ⬆️
How about all the people they dox?
Of course not.  The milita groups threatening to shoot cops for fulfilling lawful orders are.
I'm saying the police aren't asking them nicely, and are certainly armed and willing to use force.
They came to enforce an illegal order from a partisan targeting her political opponents. They are partisan tools.  Like the Republican leader said, he will not be a political prison in the state of Oregon.  FYI, kidnapping people is harming them, nice try you dumb fucking bitch.
[deleted]
Is there no possible case of governmental coercion or tyranny so odious that would justify violent resistance?
How do those jackboots taste?
Note that's he's only the face of the push. They probably drew straws as to which of them at Vox has the most intersectional oppression points and from that process selected him to be the face of terrible behavior. The rest of the organization then follow his lead to point fingers to silence everyone offended by his behavior.

Ignore that.

Respond to board members and significant figures of parent companies for response. The most terrible behavior of any individual becomes the personal brand of people further up the food chain. Never the person they've pushed forward to draw fire.

Go for the cleric's first ($$ healing bank), the aggro generators can't sustain effort without the support group.
Yes, he’s quite the quack
Yup, the fuckboy and Media Matters is behind this too.
Fig
David Brock's operation includes multiple companies with specific focus. Somewhere I've saved PDF that goes into detail of each of them. It's easy to use Share Blue, Media Matters, and the other names of them interchangeably. So assume fast and loose in my language, my intent is pointing out the relationship with one or more of David Brock's groups. I've seen this commented on by other parties, have not gone fishing to verify first-hand.
Reminder: Doxxing is against the rules.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/The_Donald) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Upvoted for visibility.
This is so chilling
People need to memorize that, and they need to familiarize themselves with the Gentleman's Guide to Forum Spies:  


[cryptome.org/2012/07/gent-forum-spies.htm](https://cryptome.org/2012/07/gent-forum-spies.htm)

&#x200B;

Shareblue and others associated to Media Matters use these same tactics.
This is correct - 1904 it started i believe under Teddy baby but appropriated and morphed under the Institute for Social Research (Institut für Sozialforschung) which was founded by Carl Grünberg in 1923 as an adjunct of the University of Frankfurt; it was the first Marxist-oriented research centre affiliated with a major German university. Might also want to check out Rhodes Scholars (Clinton) too. Check this out [https://politicalvelcraft.org/2012/03/11/the-sedition-of-the-british-cecil-rhodes-scholars-sic/](https://politicalvelcraft.org/2012/03/11/the-sedition-of-the-british-cecil-rhodes-scholars-sic/)

Cannot make this stuff up.

Aaarrrhhh me hearties - keep reading - its time to out these bastards.

PS Thanks fellow pede for the detailed strategy laid out.
why bother stopping if it keeps working?  :(
That's good to know, thanks.
They think that if they censor people, people won’t be curious as to why...

The Streisand effect is very real. We have more users online now than we ever do at lunchtime.
If you ask people here will tell ya to pretty much go luddite. 

Anyways I've never found shit on DDG...
Depends on if we can win the culture war.
I don't. But the problem is that the mods didn't remove it.
Woah are you enjoying violence against police officers? Im going to have to report you for hurting my feelings. Down the censorship hole you go because you disagree with me
Don't you dare make a wrestling gif with cnn logo getting punched or political mockery video.
So if the police use force to bring them back to Oregon (in pursuant to a lawful order from the governor) they should shoot the cops?  

If not what should they do if the cops use force?  That is after all what cops do when you don't follow lawful orders.
[removed]
[removed]
Slavery.
Posting a LinkedIn profile is doxxing?
this is the sad truth.
Lol.  To that I say, good luck!
Need more mods on the team then.
> So if the police use force to bring them back to Oregon (in pursuant to a lawful order from the governor) they should shoot the cops? 

Back to Oregon? Are the Oregon state police operating illegally outside of Oregon now?
Because we support the 2nd amendment and believe in self-defense? So its being pro-American and pro-constitution that gets you quarantined in your mind?
[deleted]
Using state police to round people up by force, to push through a bill that the people will get no say on because the powers that be decided that they're smarter, isn't tyrannical to you?
Posting a \*LEFTIST LinkedIn profile is doxxing...you didn't know so no education camp for you this time comrade.
[removed]
[removed]
I would just like to point out that the position of sergeant at arms was created explicitly to force a quorum at gunpoint (arms).  
  
https://www.senate.gov/artandhistory/history/minute/Compulsory_Attendance.htm  
  
Whether or not it’s reasonable or ethical is a whole different matter.
People get a say by electing officials to go to work and vote on bills for them. "Not having a majority" and "not winning a vote" is not the same as "not having a say".
>you didn't know

Not an excuse comrade. What are you, a saboteur?
If somebody tries to kidnap you I encourage you to defend with as much force as necessary to prevent the kidnapping.

edit: I will not be baited into telling people to shoot somebody so you can get this subreddit banned on a flimsy bs excuse, you shill
> Advocating shooting police engaging in a legal arrest


Sorry, this isn't relevant to the topic at hand.  Please try to stay on topic.
A police officer following legal orders is a kidnapping? 

Don’t be such a coward. Say what you mean. You want to shoot cops that enforce laws you don’t personally like.  Have the courage to state your convictions.
[removed]
> A police officer following legal orders is a kidnapping? 

 A police officer following illegal orders is a kidnapping? 

Fixed that for you
Yes, its illegal to kidnap people at gun point. Didn't know this was up for debate.
[removed]
If you actually break a law, no.  Not showing up to work isn't breaking the law last time I checked.
[removed]
I am not sure whether they broke the law or not by not showing up, but I don't think that actually matters in the context of whether or not it is a lawful order. The governor has the authority to order them to show up, and to order for them to be arrested and bought to the session if they refuse.
Its not a lawful order, its an unconstitutional order, and its also Democrat hypocrisy.  The current governor used the same tactic when she was the head of the legislature, but expecting consistency from Democrats is always a fools game.
No, she doesn't. Your repeated insistence that she does, doesn't change the fact that they are acting like tyrannical jack boot thugs and being used as a partisan tool.  Sorry, but again, you can't arrest people for not showing up to work, this isn't the USSR, comrade.
Speak the truth even if it makes your knees shake.
Spread this shit like the plague.
Why are our reps doing fuck all about this?!
"hateful". Everything they don't like is hate speech.
This is getting out out control and no one is doing a dang thing about it!!! Censorship needs to be made into the number one issue of 2020!
Sounds like a lot of coordinated attacks by social media people recently. Collusion?
Where can I see the video???? It’s becoming impossible to find it now.
And if they pull it from bitchute, it's still on house.gov.
First, they came for Alex Jones. etc.
This is long coming but I feel now its make or break with freedom on the web..
The type of work PV does is what made 60 minutes - undercover investigative journalism.  How fucked up that no one but PV practices it these days.
https://imgoat.com/uploads/0e190d8267/218302.png
Wow dont know which video is getting pulled faster this or the Christchurch massacre
How can we download a local copy of this?
We are sharing everywher we can, James!

#NEVER Give Up ~ NEVER Surrender!
What about those doxxed memer's whom the press threatened?
Bottom line- liberals are being useless as s wholes!
Telegram channel is always an option.
So who owns Vimeo, anyway?  Do they have a parent company?
Well a solid, rigid middle finger to you - vime-no
Look at their reasoning.

>You cannot upload videos that are hateful, defamatory, or discriminatory

They are calling *undercover investigative journalism* hateful, defamatory, or discriminatory.

*Playing someone's own words* is now considered hateful.
**BEGIN TO UPLOAD TO ALTERNATIVE VIDEO PLATFORMS LIKE BITCHUTE AND DAILYMOTION AND LIVELEAK AND D-TUBE! BOOKMARK THESE LINKS IF YOU ARE *NOT* FAMILIAR WITH THEM!**

https://www.liveleak.com/

https://www.dailymotion.com/

https://www.bitchute.com/

https://d.tube/

IF YOU HAVE NOT DONE SO ALREADY **SET YOUR DEFAULT WEB SEARCH ENGINE TO DUCK DUCK GO!** AND DOWNLOAD THE DUCK DUCK GO MOBILE BROWSER APP SO YOU CAN GET AROUND THE ORWELLIAN 1984 CENSORSHIP!

https://duckduckgo.com/app
People are really frightened Google will come after them.

This is not okay and shows how much power these companies have over websites that don't even belong to them.
And this. Here's some secret info for the new people. People reading this, feel free copying and pasting this in various posts to spread. Send it to liberals your arguing with online and friends and family in real life, and maybe they will come around, maybe not immediately, but will cause them to think, and eventually they will come around. This is where all this Leftist cray comes from:

In the early 1900s, a group at the Frankfurt School developed Critical Theory to convert the West to Communism

Basically, the Frankfurt School plan was to undermine the Judaeo-Christian legacy. They called for the most negative destructive criticism possible of every sphere of life to de-stabilize society and destroy what they saw as the 'oppressive' order. 

They hoped their policies would spread like a virus--'continuing the work of the Western Marxists by other means' as one of their members noted.

To further the advance of their 'quiet' cultural revolution - but giving us no idea about their plans for the future - the School recommended (among other things):

 1. The creation of racism offences.

 2. Continual change to create confusion

 3. The teaching of sex and homosexuality to children

 4. The undermining of schools' and teachers' authority

 5. Huge immigration to destroy identity.

 6. The promotion of excessive drinking

 7. Emptying of churches

 8. An unreliable legal system with bias against victims of crime

 9. Creating dependency on the state or state benefits

 10. Control and dumbing down of media

 11. Encouraging the breakdown of the family

One of the main ideas of the Frankfurt School was to exploit Freud's idea of 'pansexualism' - the search for pleasure, the exploitation of the differences between the sexes, the overthrowing of traditional relationships between men and women. To further their aims they would:

*attack the authority of the father, deny the specific roles of father and mother, and wrest away from families their rights as primary educators of their children.

*abolish differences in the education of boys and girls

*abolish all forms of male dominance - hence the presence of women in the armed forces

*declare women to be an 'oppressed class' and men oppressors 

Following Adolf Hitler's rise to power in 1933, the Institute left Germany for Geneva, before moving to New York City in 1935, where it became affiliated with Columbia University.
We don't pay them enough.
Racketeering.
https://www.bitchute.com/video/re9Xp6cdkro/
Racketeering.
Go here and download it, yes that is a US Congressman putting it on his .gov website!

https://gohmert.house.gov/news/documentsingle.aspx?DocumentID=399712

Direct link to it
https://gohmert.house.gov/uploadedfiles/google.mp4
Facts are racist. Truth is hate speech.
So I'm to believe there's not one video uploaded there that's hateful towards Trump?
I like bitchute because it has that Soph kid.
Liveleak has had things censored recently. They're getting worse and they've bent the knee to the social media giants.
Informative red-pill post. Well done pede.
KEK another 2.5k should keep em in line though
God Bless Texas
Freedom is slavery.
If there is a black or Muslim in a video, they won't allow comments.             
Even after locking all comments behind login.
War is peace
George Orwell is rolling in his grave...
Welcome patriot! I think the vast majority of us on here cannot wait to reset political discourse. There's a lot prejudice out there and one of the things we're grappling with is the far left labelling all conservatives as bigots without seeing the irony in that.
And they picked a really dumb excuse to quarantine us.  Because you literally can see calls to violence everyday on the politics sub.
Welcome. You picked a good day to join. There will be a lot of discussion her with the DNC debates going on tonight.
Welcome
Welcome friend. The Trump Train has lots of room.
Thank you - I'd give you a coat but they took our bot. BWAAAH BWAHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
We are one big beautiful family; there’s is a lot of support and love here. The kind that the rest of Reddit will never achieve
come on in friend, the water is fine. watch out for the crazy brigaders peeing in the pool though. OUT OUT OUT
Give this patriot a coat and a brick. The Trump train is going at light speed
Welcome  aboard...people sneaking onto the train even while it picks up speed! Grab a coat it's a wild ride from here on in.
Welcome home friend.
Welcome, friend!
Welcome home
Thank you for joining!

Former Democrat here turned Independent turned Republican (still libertarian leaning but at this point I actually feel worry about the left trying to silence speech whether through firings or violence).
We had revenge of the nerds now the revenge of the feeble.
Get this man a coat!
WELCOME!
Thank you!
You guise are making me cry.  I am so happy that there are still people that care about our country, Constitution, freedom of speech.
Thank you.  You give me hope.
I do believe this is an example of the Streisand effect A welcome one at that, it's good to see so many new people here.
Glad you are here! 😊 Whiny people? You mean strong American patriots!! Maga! 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
I hate feminzis. I hate retarded liberas.
We need more like you!  Welcome aboard!
Welcome friend, have a coat!
<3 YaY you are a Truth Seeker! <3
Get this fellow frog a coat!
I've noticed that.  Not a fan of that sub at all.
**FOR THE LOVE OF GOD GET THIS PATRIOT A COAT! THATS 192,838 COATS HANDED OUT!**

We are 78.26% of our goal to coat the 246,393 great people of Norfolk, Virginia. Lets make sure everyone gets a coat in the United States! For every Centipede a coat for every coat a Centipede!
Every single thread has calls to violence to murder us, police officers, and military members. And of course against GEOTUS.
Here he is. Good bot. Question is, are you a russian bot?
Good human, but I appreciate it. The bots were the first victims of the next Great Meme War.
This man is the reason Reddit was literally the best site on the internet 10 years ago. Spez is the reason Reddit is a corporate dildo factory now.

Damn do I miss the old Reddit, it really was a great, organic community free from corporate bullshit, bots and propaganda. Honestly, this sub is the only thing keeping me from closing my account after 12 fucking years. There were other subs I used to frequent, but they were all banned 😥
Instead we have spez, ceo, who admitted to editing our posts.
[deleted]
This is Aaron Swartz, a champion of free speech and one of the founders of Reddit. ~~Unfortunately~~ Fortunately he isn’t alive to see the censorship of his creation.

FTFY.

He died in his fight against ridiculous authoritarian bullshit.  At least he didn’t live long enough to see his work on reddit grossly perverted by ridiculous authoritarian bullshit.
Little cunts ruining his creation
He is rolling in his grave.
F
Big F
caught by the secret service. charged federally by the obama doj. his death came from the top.
His story is so sad.
You mean not alive to see it sold to the highest globalist bidder
I’m in a state that would go republican if a potato ran, but I’ll still put my signs out, and give rides for the elderly to vote. 

I’m about done with the internet. It was cool when I was 20, but at 45 I’m too old for this shit.
Too bad greed and the fact that reddit is going public. Time to do something
What would Aaron Do!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
You mean its fortunate hes dead so he doesn't have to watch his baby turn into a communist anti-free speech hell- scape.
Smirking intensifies.
Fortunately*. If he had seen this he'd have died of shame.

Of course, I mean that with no disrespect. RIP Aaron.
Thanks to Obama
If you're a subscriber here and support Swartz (an amazing person who cared deeply for freedom), please do a bit of introspection. He wouldn't support censoring the sub but he wouldn't support the president either. Maybe we can all try to make the world to be more like what he would have wanted
watch his documentary, he wasn't one of us, he campaigned for Pocahontas or at least was a big supporter of her
In some ways I feel like we here at T_D are carrying his torch. Look at all the people coming here to support us - Liberals, Conservatives, Lurkers, Trump supporters and their family members. We are uniting everyone under the banner of free speech.

I'm confident Swartz would be happy.
I was briefly looking at some of your top comments and submissions of all time and see that I have upvoted some of your submissions about Ron Paul. It’s likely more but I have work to do. 

Nice to meet a long time ally.
Corporate dildo factory and the DNC's **FUCKING WHORE**.

We will not be stopped.
A corporate dilemma factory would be an improvement. 


Least we'd hav e dildos.
We lost Reddit’s best founder.
the guy you want to shine some light on is Chris Slowe, head of "anti evil operations", which is a paid position.
And the Obama administration pursued him because he was working with Wikileaks
But did he get more than he bargained for? What else was on those servers that somebody didn't want him to see?
I was thinking of it both ways. If he was alive I doubt that Reddit would be the shithole that it is today. I could have worded it better.
A lot of big cunts too.
You have evidence for that claim.
I think my comment calling for spez was caught by a bot.
He wouldn't have let that happen so of course they offed him
Maybe Al Gore is actually wrong about everything.
I would like to make an inappropriate joke about his cause of death but fear it would be misinterpreted as a call to violence and thus get this wonderful community banned so I must refrain.  Score a point to the pinkos forcing self-censorship.  Just know you would have laughed at my joke and then felt guilty about laughing.
I’m fine with him not supporting the President. I am not okay with censorship. Aaron wouldn’t have done half the fascist shit Reddit has done in his absence.
doesn't matter. he was a defender of free speech. im barely "one of us" i don't subscribe to many republican policies. im not even american, i'm a classically liberal canadian that believes in freedom. take your allies where you can get them. once we get rid of internet censorship and a corrupt media we can go back to bickering over how build the best society.
👊 pound it, brother!
I don't think many people get this about Trump's base, many of us are libertarian.
We kept it's dumbest founder
The_Donald is reddit to me. I just unsubscribed from all other subs. If they delete us, reddit will be completely dead to me.
The Obama admins actions directly resulted in his death.
You don't suppose Patriot Panda was working with Swartz?
Pizza
on the aaron swartz wiki. secret service and university police picked him up, and he recieved like 13 federal charges.
No maybe about it. He is in it for money, but he doesn't live it..
Maybe?
Aaron and Seth are my heroes,  

Clown world is going full force
Exactly. I don’t care who you vote for, just don’t censor me and don’t have two different standards of enforcement when you do. Aaron likely wouldn’t have censored anyone unless he was required to do so by law.
I want to pound you both.
A fist? Are you trying to get us banned or something?

How about a 👍 instead?
The libertarian party is just pathetic now days. So Trump and other conservatives are the next best thing.
And many of us who are conservatives have libertarian leanings. I would have voted for Ron Paul in 2008 if he had been on the ballot. Had to go Constitution Party instead.
Also its less attractive and most nearly albino founder.
*evolution: something, somewhere, got fucked up, and here we are now*
Well, gundeals is pretty good.
I also deleted all other subs, and will probably be leaving Reddit when the inevitable happens.
#MeToo
I read something about that too, while setting up the free court pages access he stumbled across a massive repository of CP on the university servers.
Pound me too.
The libertarian party isn't libertarian.

Just like how the Democratic party is now socialist.
>  now days

Can you name a day when they weren't?
I have voted Libertarians for president more that any other party.
Also it’s most likely to spend long vacations in China founder
....I'm currently living in Canada until my fiancée finishes university... pray for me brothers and sisters. (ಥ﹏ಥ)
I didn't know this existed. You're the hero we need in these parts.
Also see defense distributed
What’s the real alternate option is what I’m trying to figure out. Voat seems like 50/50 from what I’m saying. I like Voat.
Easy.  31 February 1993.
Most people still have no idea Reddit is partially owned by Tencent, one of the biggest companies in China and the world.
VoaT is technically hard to use and no way to make the text larger for folks with eyesight or fat finger issues.
Offered to help them but got no reply.
screw the CCP and their social credit system. The Chinese people need liberation and freedom!
And I don’t think there is an app either which sucks
That's what we should be fighting for.  Trump should talk about this
Boats =)
Can we get a quarantined flair?
Yellow patches... and little Triangles....
[removed]
The authoritarian left. They are the true fascists.
Does it really tag us with this in addition to the T_D user red tag?
We should get yellow patch flair.
The Nazis had a whole rainbow of patches for those they imprisoned. Maybe Reddit could get more creative. 

I'm being sarcastic, of course, I don't really think this whole thing is as serious as the Holocaust.
now I have a yellow patch to go with my red tag - feeling special http://i.imgur.com/SPGMhOG.png
not me I and a lot of people probably are going to quit reddit.

this isn't a joke it's really fucked up.

please don't do anything stupid I know how pissed everyone is.
We were in a ghetto all along. Now they made it official with the patches. 

This will make us only stronger. Start up the alt social media accounts and overwhelm the web. We are strong
Accuse them of what you're guilty of.  That's their playbook.
I have read and posted on T_D daily since early 2016 (under different handles).

I have never once seen a threat of violence against law enforcement on this Domreddit.

Further, President Trump himself is the most vocal supporter of law enforcement and the military to occupy the White House in modern history.

The majority of comments I see here regarding police are positive, except in certain threads alleging police brutality/complaining about certain laws.

However, leftists routinely encourage and commit violence against police and other citizens, particularly groups such as BLM and Antifa, which are praised or at least tolerated elsewhere on Reddit.

Reddit is once again applying a double standard and persecuting a large, mainstream community of users for the supposed "crime" of supporting the duly-elected president of the United States.

I make it a point to represent the pro-police perspective 100% of the time, and even in negative threads, to remind people that the actions of a minority are not equivalent to all or even most police officers.

Law enforcement is a crucial function in our society, and literally allows the law, and thus our society and country, to exist.

Cops are human beings, and human nature means sinfulness. However, American police are typically thoroughly vetted during the hiring process, and are usually highly law-abiding and principled individuals, if not perfect.

Anyone who has a problem with certain laws, such as drug laws, civil asset forfeiture, "quorum-busting" laws, etc., should remember that it is called law enforcement, and not law creation, for a reason.
Being a conservative today is becoming like being a Jew in Nazi Germany. 

Remember Nazis's suddenly didnt start sending Jews to death camps. It was something planned out over many years. Even to the point, they brought in laws to "cage" Jews within Germany in the 1930s. 

I cant tell the future. But it ain't looking good. 

A socialist era is coming. As no one is doing anything about it. I'm talking about the people with the power to defend their voters.
can someone make this into shirts and hats? hoodies as well
Can we make this a flair please? I will wear it proudly.
Remember if you see ANY calls to violence in other subreddits report them. Show them that their subs are worse than T_D for sure.
I'm here for my yellow patch.
We need a "Censored Conservative" flair.
If I need a little yellow patch to proclaim my support for my President, then I will wear it with pride
Omg how can you compare anything to the holocaust?? Now shut up you nazi while I accuse you of running concentration camps!
I will die for free speech and the right to meme
Looks like it's off to the gulag for us pedes
>I'm not going anywhere

This is cuckoldry
Are you referring to 8th Century Iraq?


The practice of wearing special clothing or markings to distinguish Jews and other non-Muslims (Dhimmis) in Muslim-dominated countries seems to have been introduced in the Umayyad Caliphate by Caliph Umar II in the early 8th century. The practice was reissued and reinforced by Caliph Al-Mutawakkil (847–861), subsequently remaining in force for centuries. A genizah document from 1121 gives the following description of decrees issued in Baghdad:

> Two yellow badges [are to be displayed], one on the headgear and one on the neck. Furthermore, each Jew must hang round his neck a piece of lead with the word Dhimmi on it. He also has to wear a belt round his waist. The women have to wear one red and one black shoe and have a small bell on their necks or shoes.
Hopefully they're a little faster about it than post-election, as I'm *still* fucking waiting on my Klan outfit and Nazi armband...c'mon already!

Also, can I get mine as a stick-on model?  If we're going all quarantined, I'm gettin' nekkid!

Come one, come all, bring your cucks, and gaze upon my mighty manly bits!
I almost feel like getting a patch of this and putting it on a shirt as a protest to this.
I will wear a yellow patch. We all should. We stand in solidarity with us
I now use this as my profile avatar.
the rules are different for them. it's not outright fascism if it's somebody they disagree with.
I want a badge that will follow me to all boards.
I will be making that my avatar
Done. And I will sew my yellow badge on, as well.
I think our POTUS needs to add this as a t-shirt design in his official store ASAP!
I shall wear this as a badge of honor.
You guys are out of your God damned minds, lmao.

Edit: For the love of god, just ban me from this hellscape.
this
Are we concentrated?
First time in this sub-reddit today, and I honestly can't tell if it's satire or not?
I made this comment everywhere when the very first subreddit was quarantined...

Were most of you there?

I doubt it.

Ever hear about that little poem about certain people coming for certain people and you not speaking up because you weren't one of those?

Now where are we at?
This scene comes to mind.

https://getyarn.io/yarn-clip/a19d8a11-b683-4ae7-83c9-645036caafbb
Amen, brother
https://youtu.be/6NjLTnI9uGM?t=91
Those who don’t study history are doomed to relive the star-bellied sneeches
They were triangles too.
Demonetized badges lol.
In which case, I will wear my mark with pride.
how entitled do you have to be to compare a reddit quarantine to real government oppression
When does my train car arrive? Can I get a BoxCar#5 flare?
RIP CA
I need to get one of these and sew it on my shirt
You know how we gave AOC a shit ton of grief for comparing the detainment of illegal immigrants to the Holocaust? This is a similar level of cringe...

Let's keep our shitposts of the highest quality, gentlemen!
I remembered a similar instance in history as well once I heard of the yellow marks.

We will prevail!

God Bless America and all she stands for.
Why stay at this point. We give them unique visitors and ad revenue since we have so many boomers who don't use ad block. Time to quit giving them money
Well this is awful tone deaf
Are you seriously comparing getting quarantined to the holocaust?
This is a ridiculous situation, but it is in no way comparable to the holocaust.
You guys can't seriously be conflating this with the Holocaust. Especially in light of recent events, this is deliciously ironic.

I mean, come on. A giant corporation quarantines (not even fully bans) your safe space from their website for violating their rules = the mass internment and extermination of a minority ethnic group? Really now?

This has officially become childish. Come the fuck on. 

This would be like if Chapo got banned, and compared it to Stalin's gulag.
Yeah, with the yellow crap going on 4chan last week, it's impossible to take any pride in yellow right now.  They really thought of everything.
getting quarantined is just like the holocaust
Lol omg
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
Lol, we've gotta have fun while it lasts.
I second this.
I'll wear mine with pride
\+1 and call it "Highly Offensive"
Two please
Yes please
Hijacking. 

I'd like a BoxCar#5 flair.
Yes! Please!
Don't be so negative, Reddit is just trying to bring us some strength through joy.
[Quarantined](https://magaimg.net/img/8az9.png)
>triangles

See, it’s totally different!
what is this?
[removed]
> We are in a time where up is down and right is wrong.  

Hmm, it's almost like I've seen this somewhere before. OH YEAH!     

* *What sorrow for those who say that evil is good and good is evil**, that dark is light and light is dark, that bitter is sweet and sweet is bitter. What sorrow for those who are wise in their own eyes and think themselves so clever. What sorrow for those who are heroes at drinking wine and boast about all the alcohol they can hold. They take bribes to let the wicked go free, and they punish the innocent. Therefore, just as fire licks up stubble and dry grass shrivels in the flame, so* *their roots will rot and their flowers wither.* *For they have rejected the law of the Lord of Heaven’s Armies; they have despised the word of the Holy One of Israel. (Isaiah 5:20-24 NLT)*
* *You should know this, Timothy, that in the last days there will be very difficult times.* *People will be cruel and hate what is good.* *They will act religious, but they will reject the power that could make them godly.* *Stay away from people like that!* *(2 Timothy 3:1, 3b, 5 NLT)*
Based Liberals exist too. That's what they're truly scared of.
They can ban this reddit but what happens when you have thousands of based conservatives crawling the site outside this forum every minute. There’s not enough paid shills in the world for that.
[removed]
[removed]
No, they are not. They are Bolshevik communists.

Fascism rose as an extreme response to fight the spread of Marxism and communism.
Wait, where is this tag showing up?
[We remain proud pedes](https://magaimg.net/img/7kl1.jpg)
Let's fast forward 10 years
This is how it began, though.
I'm on the list too. Feels good to be so dangerous people tag you.
That's a badge of honor right there
Can I get a link to this list? I wanna find my name if its there
Come over to Gab. /g/The\_Donald
> going to quit reddit.

Please do
Do we seriously have patches on our usernames? I can't see anyone's.
We aren't guilty
Admit nothing, deny everything, make counter-accusations
[removed]
Except that the Jews declared war on Germany and the Communists tried to take the Country over by force.
You seriously comparing an online quarantine to Jews getting a gold star in Nazi Germany when the administration you support is making a show of rounding up brown kids and putting them in pens?
This needs to be added to the sidebar or something.
Been here, forever, might as well wear it with pride.
Hahaha that's a great point I've seen leftists eyeroll on redacted about people making this comparison before but they don't hesitate to call you a nazi for supporting a duly elected president
You assume they can actually define fascism
Concentrated  MAGA juice.
This is a ***FANTASTIC*** idea. 

This man is a genius and every single person here should follow his plan. 

This is the ***ONLY*** way to get back at reddit in a big way. You should ***ALL*** do it. As fast as possible.
waaah waaaah.  im comparing admins to nazis not us to jews.  take a hike
No.  I'm talking about reddit identifying and censoring people who do, say, and think differently than themselves.  

It's what the nazis did so... go ahead and back that if you want but fascism isn't cool.
No.  But there was a time in not to lang ago history where people were given identifiers to show their second class status.  Don't be thick fella.
I did cringe pretty hard.
no one is comparing this to the holocaust.  I'm comparing admins to nazis who silence that which they don't approve.
Correct.  But the correlations between the early Nazi methodologies and how today's Leftists are abusing the system and discouraging opposition are VERY strong.
I'm talking about assigning an icon to identify a group of people who think and say different things than themselves.  

You should cultivate some reading comprehension skills before you waste anymore time with a useless wall of text that has nothing to do with the post.
Even if you visit the chans you can -- apparently -- miss a lot.  If it's possible to explain without breaking any rules (which I'm not assuming is guaranteed), what exactly was the "yellow" thing you speak of?

If it's a pain in the ass to explain, that's OK too; I know how esoteric some of this multi-layered memetic stuff gets.
Shareblue shill: Activate!
You're the only idiot in here, Nazi scumbag
Soon enough we will be.
The Jews in Germany didn't think things were so bad  right up to the point they were.


Right now if you are Christian and white Google sees you as a Nazi for those two reasons only and treats you as such.
I mean. Trying to silence 750k people... yah when you kinda think about it.... if we were not on reddit would we be in camps?  I know many leftists that are in favor of sending conservative people to re-education camps.
> I'm not going anywhere.

You'll go somewhere when they turn off T_D.

It is coming.  Bank on it.  The Powers That Be (TPTB) will not allow free speech.  They now consider the internet THEIR property.  

You have to admit, the internet, T_D and free speech were good while they lasted.
+1
Work shall set us free.
Ah, a Smuggies connoisseur as well?
My new FB pic. We’ll see how long it stays up
But 2 triangles is too far
In the beginning Jews were simply quarantined from society.... Forced to wear a yellow star, not allowed the same rights, not allowed into shops... It didn't start out as the holocaust you know...
Amen!  So be it!
I read that top post there, where he says we're in a time where up is down and right is wrong, and thought to myself "It's time to quote some scripture."  Then I paused, and scrolled down just slightly.  You have done me proud.
I wonder how long it will take before bible verses are banned from 
R (Edit).
You mean like Seth Rich? I sure hope so.
Be careful in here, didn't you see the quarantine notice?
Cant be overstated. Marxist theory is perfectly clear on the matter - socialism is the path to the ideal yet unattainable state of communism. In that sense, it is the same as religion.

I'll never let anyone get away with separating socialism and communism, they are one and the same.
Pam meme, "They're the same picture."
Check your post history. Yellow “QUARANTINE” tags as far as the thumb can scroll.
Oooh looks like a Sherriff's badge. I'll take several!
With a crazy assed white guy running a country? I mean Trump's bad, but he's no Hitler.
put my yellow patch with my red tag and I'm ORANGE LADY BAD

TBH, the "quarantine" doesn't affect my t_d experience that much, the only difference is the pictures are gone

I use a GEOTUS picture for my desktop, so good to go
The tagging was originally used to tag bots and shills. Reddit ended up banning people doing that for "harrassment" or "Doxxing".   Reddit doesn't care if *they* do it to tag subreddit people though.
sorry, I don't have access - here's the story

a year or so ago there was a post about the "red tags" and how to search for your user name

I'm such  computer retard I couldn't figure out how to do it, asked for help, and a kind pede looked & posted that image for me

I can't find the link to the original post, sorry
Does it pull content from this subreddit?
I just got the Dissenter browser (heard about it today). I think I might join you guys there.
Check your comment history.
You're already on hate lists for commenting here. You have a tag on their browser through RES.
He or she's talking from a cuck's perspective. Spez: Spez's wife's boyfriend would know nothing about being cucked, only to cuck. Is it truly cucking if you're invited??
Thus why I said "accuse".
TIL that ICE detention facilities that have existed since the Clinton administration are now considered "concentration camps".

You're the delusional one here kiddo.
We've been detaining illegal immigrants for a long time.  The most recent pictures to make the rounds were indeed from the years of the Obama predidency. Welcome to the quarantined truth.
No leftist cared when Obama was doing the exact thing, or when Obama was droning dozens of "brown kids" every day. Why should I care now?
Obama had them sleep on concrete floors and a lawsuit found that they were not allowed to have soap or toothpaste under Obama. The facilities also were like cages. When released, kids were let to go in some cases with people who were not even related to them. These are all proven facts.

The kids now are in nice facilities with beds, blankets, toothpaste and soap. Because Trump couldn't stand the horrific conditions he inherited from the Obama administration. Kids are also checked to see whether the person they are with is actually related to them, or if they are instead being trafficked, a check that was not done during Obama.

Yet you are against these improvements.
So who did the nazi's give patches to?
It's not just reddit who are censoring people who do say and think differently from themselves. There here sub notorious for doing the same thing. Maybe it's the mods here who are fascists
So wait what did the nazi's do again?
Oh. The post made me think about how they forced jews to wear a yellow star of David on their clothing to be easily identified
do you think I will ever get as bad as Chicom?
The Jews didn't think or say different things than Hitler other than that they shouldn't die. 

That's the difference: this sub was quarantined because it did something that the site is pretty explicit about, but the Jews just existed, and were persecuted for that. 

In that way, comparing it to Stalin's gulag might have even been better, because that was based off of disagreeing with him.

I'm saying the comparison is moot, and even a little bit ironic given current events.

And trolling and baiting a ban, but who's counting.
It is a pain in the ass to explain.  Plus, the explanation wouldn't be much more than speculation veiled in speculation.  As chans go.  From my point of view, it looked like a Democrat political candidate decided to invest money into 4chan, and try to pull 'Alt-Right' types over into his campaign.  Others may see something completely different.  However, to be as unbiased as possible - there was a big yellow push on 4chan which was dedicated to 'cleaning' 4chan up and making it more respectable.  They used yellow pepes, yellow kek flags, pretty much all the related memes - but yellow - in order to push this agenda.
And, yes, it is multi-layered.  There were yellow threads I agreed with, and yellow threads I didn't.  Given that once an egg is broken, anyone can grab the yolk and smear it where they want, it breaks up into whatever it chooses to be.  Some threads filled with gaslighting and all out propaganda, others making rational sense and making you think, hmmm, maybe this isn't so bad.  It's 4chan.  The idea of disrupting old and stale threads, and pushing to replace them with better stuff, I agree with.  But the general push was really for more censorship and control.  Which I don't agree with at all.  So, given that after reading and participating in a lot of these threads, and not seeing anything even mentioned of them in places I do tend to see 'Alt-Right' hanging out, and that no matter which way you looked at it, the goal of these threads was to pressure mods into heavier moderation and driving even further away from true organic conversation, I am not at all into yellow at the moment.
No, you wouldn't be. Reddit moderating your subreddit is nothing like a government taking you out of your home and forcibly restraining you within terrible conditions. Your free speech, freedom of movement, freedom of association etc are not being restrained. In what way are your rights, freedoms or safeties being infringed on?  
Edit: Spelling/grammar
We’re going to have to learn how to code and hack eventually, just to talk to each other with common sense, lol.
Guaranteed T_D is banned in October 2020
the globalists hate all free speech...obviously.
Arbacht macht frei
Reddit made them remove it because it "defaced the quarantine notice."
What's important, in all of these crazy shenanigans, is to turn to God. Regardless of the outcome in this intellectual battle for censorship and control of thought, the ultimate battle is already over and we're just waiting for the victory dance.     

"Even though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil, for You are with me"
Whatever the question, problem, or obstacle, there's always scripture to address it. Keep the faith,
If *they* had their way, Scripture would likely never have been allowed. It's 'hate speech' because it says that one thing is good and something else is bad.
ZOMG you are threating to randomly kill someone and not make it look like a robbery. Reeeeeeeeeeee
LOL you don't want to end up radioactive like us.
Reagan said it best: A communist is someone who reads Marx and Lenin, an anti-communist is someone who understands Marx and Lenin.

&#x200B;

It's always the far-left that claim socialism and communism are different, they clearly don't understand it.
I only see QUARANTINE in my "RECENTLY VIEWED LINKS" section on the far right. Are you saying other users see a yellow quarantine badge when i post on other subs?
The funny thing is that the tagging backfires a lot of the time. There has been a lot of times people have said "you post on the Donald" and then people tell them to shut up and stop being insufferable.
Can you explain what you mean?
Oof
Hey, do you mean the quarantine symbol next to my previous comments in my history?

I was getting excited, I thought we’d have some flair or something, following us around everywhere. Lol
Roger that. We’re just too deplorable for some it seams.
still cucking if you are invited. what oliver means is, they are guilty of fascist behavior and treatment of their enemies, but rather than admit it or change that behavior, they accuse their enemies of such behavior. classic play from nazi playbook. (communists do this as well)
[removed]
Gen Z will save you guys. I'm 21, majoring in computer science. I will never forget what the democrats have done to conservatives
Coding isn't really a problem, in fact making our own forum would be relatively easy, the problem is hosting that without being removed because we are "hateful"
Careful.. next headline will be "T_D is full of Nazis!!!!"
Precisely.
>defaced


You know, Reddit has an entire sub for Malicious Compliance, so you’d think the community would appreciate it
Free will or the perception of free will?  I tend to think God let’s us think we control our destiny, but as you allude to our fate has already been determined.
Oh, SNAP, and your name is Tactical Sandwich!  I bought one of those, once!  Came sealed in a can, so it could never go bad.  BBQ flavor.  Wasn't bad.  Wasn't something I'd eat every day, either.
Yes...the new, socially-approved mindset is that there is no good or evil. They really believe that, and they want everyone else to as well.
ZOMG YOU'RE RIGHT, RRREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Yeah, like that "democratic socialism" claptrap.
I got into an argument with an idiot a few years ago who was trying to tell me that socialism and communism were different.

My parents grew up in a communist country, I think I know what I'm talking about.
[removed]
Very true, all though it is companies and private individuals doing this so its much more cloudy.
Looking forward to you all voting in the coming elections, lets take our country back from the deep state tyrants and their lapdogs. Then have sensible discussion about our nations future.
We might be able to partner with the guys at TRP; they’ve got their own archiver and forum set up. They hosted the CA SQL archive post-ban so they might be able to lend some of their hosting to T_D.
I'll let you guys in on a little secret: The Internet is absolutely littered with random forums that nobody uses anymore. Forums made by some random kid that has since grown up, gone to college, and gotten a job. Forums that nobody but spammers have posted in for years. You don't have to make a forum if you just squat in one.
I guess this is where the hacking will have to happen.

Either that or starting from square 1, and building/creating our own thing that hosts forums in the first place (if that even is square 1, I don’t know much about this stuff).

Lol, we might have to create our own internet.

Edit - I just looked it up, apparently we’ll need to build our own data centers and dig and lay down a bunch of cables everywhere (including laying them across the oceans to connect everyone up). Plus create our own TCP / IP (although this part sounds like the easiest, compared with everything else). Basically billions of dollars worth of work, lol.
Pick up that can Citizen
it's only funny when they do it to *other* people
or, did God already know what would happen if we were given free will?

Better to be miserable and free than happy and enslaved it seems.
If you watch a movie before everyone else, then you know what happens.. but that doesn't mean you can change it.
I once took a picture of my Sig between two slices of bread in response to one of those comedy photos of the AR-15 with every piece of tactical gear imaginable on it. That's where it's from. Canned sandwiches are a no-go for me.
The greatest lie the devil ever told was that there was no good or evil
https://i.imgur.com/xhPAp4d.jpg
Do you know how it compares to Brave?

e: I like the idea of a separate chat on videos and the Gab functionality. Do you know if it's also based on Chromium?
Love to help but I'm one week to young to vote in 2020. One. Week. My existence is pain.

All jokes aside, it looks like my generation has discovered that you can have a discussion with people you don't share all of your opinions with without screaming obscenities at them. Hopefully sensibility and civility will prevail in the end.
T\_D is gordon freeman confirmed
lol, I get ya.
Yes.
Hey, I’ve not used Brave before, so I’m not 100% sure. But from what I’ve been reading, I think they’ve taken some of the code from Brave. So it might be similar speed wise.

People in the forum were also saying that it’s based on chromium.
This won't stop people from creating memes
We are going to meme our way to 2020
I’m hoping this contributes to the breakup of big tech. It’s pretty blatant to remove a sub dedicated to supporting a duly elected President of the United States even if you don’t like him.
Is it against the rules to encourage this sub to post the memes we would normally post here on other subs for the debates? The memes must floweth.
Where are we going when they shut us down?
The only thing the left can meme is by memeing itself and letting us take 2020 while learning nothing from the last time.
The best thing about this group is that it's an idea, and ideas are so much larger than a forum. And I don't mean a forum in the tech-sense, I mean a forum for communication.  The Roman senate was a forum. Sidewalk on a busy street is a forum. 

Ideas have always been stronger then power plays, and ideas are only dangerous for those who stand to lose the most.

Someone much wiser than I once said words to the effect of "if you want to find out who has or believes they have the power, criticize them and see who silences you."

The left continues to make mistakes, big mistakes. This is hardly the first and most certainly not the last. The worst thing you could possibly do is attempt to silence an idea. Ideas live and die on the merit of what they propose.  You silence it, you give it a platform. Congratulations for giving us an even larger platform.

Stay strong and remember that this is just a place. Ideas are bigger than places.
Upvote all the things.
Those who cant meme, ban
This kept some of us pedes distracted from focusing on the debates. Don't let them do that.
I remember someone saying "memes influenced the election" as if it were "russians influenced the election". This is just how some people think. The kind of people who can't meme.
Everyone needs to GTFO Twitter and let that shit collapse once and for all.
I always thought the memes started on 4chan though. Both pepe and the feels guy (redrawn as npc) were originally there.
> Never Forget

Is that a threat?  Your report buttons are no longer hidden even from formerly banned users.  You may wanna remember that moving forward.
Out of interest, how do you guys rationalise this outrage with freedom of speech?

Reddit is owned by Advance Publications, Inc. A private company.

They can do whatever they like with their own property, right? Or am I missing something?
We know
The right to bare memes shall not be infringed!
Super secret meme-factory.  We da underground now!
Might prevent people from accessing them. If the sub goes down again I don't know where to go.
I'm firing up my expired Adobe license so I can get back in the game. 

It's good to be back.
Everything is against the rules if you are to the right of the rich children who host Chapotraphouse or post on there.
To the rest of Reddit.
I'd just stop using Reddit altogether.
Don’t we just create another subreddit? Lol
> Or am I missing something?

[You are.](https://www.eff.org/issues/cda230) Some people (like the KKK and *actual* Nazis) use social media to spread their agendas. Social media sites like Facebook and Reddit distance themselves from the legal responsibility of hosting this content by claiming they aren't "publishers", but more like "town squares" where anyone is free to yell whatever garbage they please. If they start selectively removing and editing content, they're not really a "town square" any more.   

Currently, the tech companies get to have their cake and eat it too. They're "town squares" when they don't want to be held responsible for the actions of their users, but get to act like "publishers" when they want to police speech. If they're really "private companies", than Section 230 protections need to be revoked and they need to be held responsible for *everything* they host.
There is a difference between being a publisher and being a platform.  They claim to be a platform so they can avoid liability when in fact they behave like a publisher so liability law should apply.
some people illegally make drugs  


  
pssst, kid

  
y A w A n T s O m E m E m E s
We'll splinter into 1000s of smaller groups and push memes from those.   

It will be even harder to address us all then.    Like whack-a-mole.
Wtf is that sub? A summary of it would save me the cancer I’m sure it would give me.
As NPCs?
Advanced Publications  sort of says it all, anyway. Publishers.
Good response. 

Which subreddits would you also like to see quarantined?
The company name is Advanced Publications! Publishers!!!
A podcast done by rich kids who live in NYC and act like they are 'real'.


They pull in shit tons of 'donations' from rich kids.



The sub is basically 'kill cops and white people are the devil'
As human buckshot.  
  
In a figurative sense, spez, you fucking coward.
None.  

But, if we're going to hold Reddit to their own standards, AHS, CPH, Politics, *so many subreddits* guilty of open actionable calls for violence with *no* consequence whatsoever.
> Which subreddits would you also like to see quarantined?

Where do you even get this stupid question from his response? 

Piss off
Kill cops you say?  Surely ChapoTrapHouse is quarantined...
Emphasis on none, though.
OPs point is that Reddit distances themselves from people with obviously bad agendas (KKK, Nazis etc) by claiming to be a town square, and then choose to police speech whenever they feel like it (in contradiction with being a town square)

So OP either believes one of two things:

1) T_D deserves it's quarantine

or

2) Some other subreddits that aren't quarantined should be.
Nothing wrong with questions.  Just give the right answers.
>wrong use of "OP"

>forcing a strawman onto someone by using hilariously bad inference skills

First time shilling?
Oh fuck off. In that context OP is fine, the OP of the comment chain that dode was responding to. If you've got nothing to add, you're wasting your time.
Just goes to show you how desperate the left is at this point.
Was never a visitor to this subreddit until I heard about this. I think there will be more like me
This is the step before the ban. They have every intention of banning and they are going to say that TD was given a chance to follow the rules and will say that they didn't so they are now banned. It will just be a day or two now and this sub will be gone.

Chapo? Still going to be here.

Blackpeople twitter? Them and their country club threads will still be here.

Againsthatesubsreddits? They'll still be here.
17k users on when the quarantine hit. 47k users now. That’s some quarantine.
[I joined because of the quarantine](https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/c5sbpm/reddit_quarantines_us_claiming_we_threaten/es41bw9/).
Never been prouder to be a pede!
Donald Trump is now the first president I will ever be voting for. Thanks for the help reddit admins.
Anyone have that site trumps admin put up to report censorship? we ALL need to spam the shit out of that.
https://www.cruz.senate.gov/?p=form&id=16

Let's let lion Ted know we are not happy
Chicoms own Reddit, we all knew this was going to happen.
# CHINA OWNS REDDIT

# REDDIT ACCEPTED $300 million from China

# CHINA AND REDDIT ARE MEDDLING IN US ELECTIONS
They didnt learn shit from the last election it seems.
Yep, took me forever to figure out a way to visit the sub today. It's been removed from my top favorites bar and no searches showed the reddit. I had to manually enter the url to get here.
Link to file a complaint.  [https://www.reddithelp.com/en/submit-request](https://www.reddithelp.com/en/submit-request)
Ever since Google got busted they are in active "go-mode" now in getting rid of conservative voices.

&#x200B;

China owns a lot of Reddit and are in the works with Google a lot.

&#x200B;

It's obvious this is a direct attack.
Always been a lurker here. Just officially signed up. This ban is absolute bullshit. Isn't this still America?? How is this censorship acceptable to anyone? MAGA!!!!!
At least they're finally being honest about blackballing this sub.  Been hiding it from the front page for ages, so this doesn't really change anything functionally - it just brands T_D with the scarlet letter that reads like a bat signal to put-upon conservatives.  

Got voat?
To anyone who reads this. Let me give you some hope. 

I'm a former Democrat. Free speech is very important to me. I recognized in early 2016 that republicans & conservatives are the champions of free speech for the internet.  If a former Democrat like me sided with you, chances are more Democrats will defect and side with us Trump supporters for 2020 as a result from this quarantine. If I defected, so will others.  Keep your spirits high and trust Americans to do the right thing in the end. *hugs*, I have faith.
*SOVIET NATIONAL ANTHEM INTENSIFIES*
this just sealed my vote for trump in 2020.
I just don't understand Reddit policy on this. If a group wants to censor us, they post in our sub about inciting violence, screen shot it and run news stories about how hateful we are. 

Instead of weeding out individual accounts, an entire sub dedicated to rally the President has been "quarantined" because a few "users" made comments about violence.

This is not what this sub is about. I come here daily to read positive, uplifting content and dank memes. It's the only place on Reddit that feels sane. 

Shame on Reddit for abusing power.
Welcome to the future. 

Free speech is on its last legs and heading out the door.
Next step is a total ban. Full on censorship is taking place. Go on world news or politics and you will repeatedly see threats against Trump and other Republican politicians. Not a peep from anyone against those threats. This is a huge problem, the left is actively shutting down our speech. Tread lightly fellow Pedes, who knows how far they will take it.

&#x200B;

Edit: We need an exit strategy for when the inevitable happens. Stick together, Donny needs us for 2020.
I once came for the memes, and then stayed for the dreams, and then they came true :)
 reddit dosen't deserve any profits it's making from the_Donald, time to consider alternatives
These leftist communists are actually openly celebrating this censorship. Remember when ANY kind of censorship was considered bad and inherently Anti-American? Now it's celebrated cuz of political tribalism and desperation.
[deleted]
Anyone paying attention can see that there's a concerted effort among all the big tech companies to slowly and systematically turn up the censorship ahead of the 2020 election.        
The crazy part is, these political zealots pushing this stuff still don't seem to understand why they keep losing.      
They think the answer is to silence their opposition at all costs rather than engage their opposition out in the open with winning ideas. They just don't have any winning ideas apparently.
I just subscribed to this sub. Not a fan of Trump but I much prefer him to these fucks that censor any opinion that they don't like.
If there isn’t a backup site for the sub one needs to be created ASAP. They will be looking to get rid of this sub reddit.
Just noticed this too!
They just contradict themselves to no end.  Every other political sub posts waaaay more hateful stuff then anything I've ever seen in the\_donald.  But, that hateful rhetoric is in line with their beliefs, so it's OK.

&#x200B;

"It's not hateful if the leaders of <insert social media company here> agree with it!"

&#x200B;

What a bunch of malarchy!
They’ve now banned the word “Quarantine” in new post titles. Fucking communists.
If Reddit is a platform and not a publisher, then the mods cannot be held responsible for what users post on the_donald either. Reddit is admitting they are a publisher.
Stalin and Mao would be proud of the democrats.
What's the backup plan?  Why are we still on reddit?  We can't be reactionary, we need to be precautionary.  It's a matter of time, they will shut this sub down for the tiniest of reasons
NO WORRIES, THEY JUST WANT TO MAKE SURE SOMETHING LIKE TRUMP AND 2016 NEVER HAPPENS AGAIN.
"Pro-cop violence"

Wtf this place is the least hateful place towards law enforcement on all of reddit imo

Since day one this sub was made I heard "blue lives matter"
Streisand effect will be epic over this shit.
Came here to see what's up... This sub is definitely not what I thought I'd see after reviewing some of the posts. Joined the movement!
What is that even mean? What kind of the difference does it make? Seriously asking.
We arent moving quick enough. This sub will be removed one way or another and rather sooner than later. We are well aware of it. Find a place so we can all group up and quick. We can discuss and talk about the fascist communist scum censoring all conservative voices there. But for now, focus on finding a place to gather everyone. We are a LOT of people and we need to stick together.
As much as I love Reddit this really bothers me.  I won't visit any other subreddit until this is fixed.  This is really hateful and wrong on the admins part.  Not going to just let this roll over.  

I realize maybe that's what they want... Okay maybe I'll visit elsewhere just to shitpost Trump memes haha.  No but seriously ill never look at Reddit the same again .
Don’t forget to wear the star on your sleeve when you go out in public.
there is no free speech if these companies can just deplatform entire users.
The number of readers has gone up 2K in a few hours, it's not going down, it's growing.
Shills are breaking rules to get us quarantined. Deport all outsiders and rule breakers.
Fuck reddit.
The quarantine affects mobile users, and a significant number of people use mobile applications to browse the_Donald.  This is timed perfectly against Donald supporters for the start of the DNC primaries.  Reddit is garbage, I am ready to migrate to a superior site now.
THEY ARE SILENCING OUR UP VOTING!! THEY FEAR US 

UP VOTE EVERYTHING! 

CHAT LOGS SHOW ADMINS ARE LOWERING OUR UPVOTES
Looks like I need to come on reddit and support this sub more often.

The google thing and now this.

These people are getting desperate.
The silencing has begun.

I was "temporarily banned" from commenting on facebook today for "using this feature too fast."

The reply button.

From my phone.
Fuck this. Fuck it. All the way to hell. Such blatant phoney censorship.
Your upvotes are now property of the state. Anyone found distributing contraband upvotes will be sent to the gulag
I had no intention of joining here until they quarantined you.
What a bunch of alt left bullshit
Reddit went full Stalin.
I think this one will backfire on you, Comrade Spez.
Were those 9 comments that were removed from long-time members or plants from the left?
Eh, we always knew it would happen before the election. Still living rent free tho lol, they hate us cuz they aint us.
So let me get this right...

Reddit is against Government Censorship but pro Corporate Censorship?

Sounds progressive.
In all my 51 years I never thought I would be a part of a wonderful happy place being quarantined.  WTF
It really is the communists.  They are pulling out all stops because communist china wants to pick the election.  Not even corrupt liberals could explain this attempt to seize the means of communication.
Can someone put up the megathread for tonight's clown show so we can rip them a new one?
Not a regular here but this seemed pretty inevitable. This sub is the default scapegoat for all those AHS type subs. Never seen any threats of violence on the frontpage from you guys but they got a lot of other subs with that rule. Highly doubt they'll ban you, to me it seems like this is just to keep you off /r/all.
Don't be discouraged brothers & sisters.
The Lord battles on our side,
& GEOTUS too!

But why am I not surprised?
Next they are going to to use all the anti Muslim posts to get it banned as a hate group.. I've mentioned this was going to happen before 2020 .. they want to prevent Trump supporters from gathering in every way
this sets an incredibly dangerous precedent on reddit. an american social media company (owned by china, who am i kidding) has quarantined support of the standing american president. reddit now condones an anti-trump stance. the dominoes are falling for 2020. they couldn't win fair and square, now they'll try to win by silencing us.
Streisand effect y'all.
If reddit shuts down the donald, I'm leaving reddit. 
 
It's that simple.
Liberals are so afraid of free speech
Didn’t China invest in reddit?
How do we fight this?
if you want to find it, here's what worked for me: the\_donald on duckduckgo, follow the link and opt in. For mobile, once you get in from the computer save a post, any post, go to the app, look in the "saved" tap and the same, you have to opt in.
Now Reddit can spread their liberal agenda bullshit site wide
hay guys. how dat streisand effect going on the donald today?
"Woe to those who call evil good and good evil, who put darkness for light and light for darkness, who put bitter for sweet and sweet for bitter." Isaiah 5:20
Isn't it weird that TD is banned right before election time and yet politics is thriving?
Welp! We wrong think now boys. Off to the gulag...BTW! How many times a day do they feed us?
Cracking down before the election of course. Expect complete deletion before 2020
I logged on to Reddit "all" communities and started to read the various responses from the QUARANTINE news. Unbelievable amount of hatred and vitriol towards we Pedes. As I read the comments, I kept thinking...why aren't these people quaranteed or banned??? and then I realized..."duh" this is  all by design. 
The_Donald represents the brightest, bravest, funniest, and most amazing human beings on the planet. 
 Who really has time to read THE_DONALD and complain about comments other than PAID SHILLS?? I know that Soros and Brock are shelling out big money to try and undermine our President as well as derail the upcoming election. The recent release of project Veritas bust of G00gle has the libtards running scared, as we have unveiled their latest scam to derail the 2020 election. NOT GONNA HAPPEN!  Media Matters headed by David Brock took action on the 24th to shut down our sub on Reddit.
https://i.redd.it/d66ejjlynq631.png
Then there's the ongoing hit from the Dems in the House and their attempt to shut down KellyAnne Conway. 
ok ok...we get it... you want to shut us down. You don't like what the conservatives are saying ( the truth) 
What do we stand for???

1. freedom of speech
2. 2nd amendment
3. life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness
4. no taxation without representation= minimal taxes
5. religious freedom. I include this with # 1. 

Whatever happens to Reddit The_Donald...know this. 
We are here.
We are NOT going away.
We will fight for upholding the Constitution. 
Every.  Single. Time. 
We love the American flag and will stand for the National anthem. 
And last but not least..GOD BLESS PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP!!!!
I've never seen any threats or hate speech here. Obviously it's just leftist agitprop to shut down dissenters. The reddit politburo even uses commie red and yellow.
I’ve been a lurker here for awhile but when I saw the Media Matters article and Gaywonk tweeting about it; I had a feeling something would happen. 

All I can say is fuck all those people who would rather censor ideas than debate them honestly. They don’t realize that it will just draw more people to the Right so really they are playing into our hands. 

Full disclosure; I voted for Gary Johnson because I wasn’t sure about Trump but I see no other choice for 2020 now.
There are 4 times the usual amount of people online right now, and we've gained 2k subscribers in the last 6 hours. Hopefully his has been Streisand'd
How are they policing Alinsky twats who come in here, incite violence, then report their own comment from a different account? Because you know damn well that is happening.
They quarantine The Donald on the day the Democrat 2020 debates start ... ya that's not suspicious at all.
T_D: you and I have had our differences since the election, but this quarantine is absolute bullshit. 

If T_D leaves Reddit, I leave Reddit.
The really interesting thing is that I never joined this sub until today, simply because the interstitial about it being "quarantined" bugged me too much.
If they shut down this sub I will leave reddit for good. I would urge everyone else to do likewise. 

I'm going to Voat.

reddit is a leftist shithole.
Thank you for calling them commies, they are not fascists for fuck sake
I disagree with basically everything this sub stands for, but as near as I can tell, Reddit is wrong for quarantining you all. Good luck.
Well the bolsheviks have been and are in control. Do some research into Weimar Republic!
fuck reddit, adblock everything waste their server time and dont give money to them
Blatantly bias policy. They don't want another "2016" incident, comrade.
thanks for giving us another 10k subs :)
This is the watershed moment my fellow nimble navigator's! When you cut out a man's tongue, you only prove your afraid what he might say. Thanks for providing the evidence of bias and tech censorship s63z!
It's amazing that this one pro-Trump subreddit - in the a sea of "resistance" on this very site - is too much for them. Our very existence is not allowed according to their rules. Their ideas are losing and they know it. Actions like this should only strengthen our resolve and our beliefs.
somehow we all found each other here

if Reddit shuts down this sub and any other like it on their platform

we will all find each other someplace else

&#x200B;

Thats the thing that Social Networks don't want to believe

They believe they control the world

but if they shut down conservative thought all they will become is a cesspool of leftist hate

eventually the left will eat themselves because the far left won't allow thoughts from the center left

&#x200B;

No one who loves America condones hate or violence but that has been the practice of the left for about 15 years online and in campaigns. The right has never accepted groups like the klan but the left openly embraces antifa and many other violent groups.

&#x200B;

The left knows this.. they aren't blind to it.. They can't even stand their own policies.

&#x200B;

Look how Cher flipped out when Trump said he would offload all of the illegals in Los Angeles...

&#x200B;

See the left gives these people the ability for open social immorality .... thats why they accept the left.

&#x200B;

On the left no one will accuse anyone of immorality in their own ranks and that allows them to hold power and be scumbags. They couldn't get way with that on the right... they would be forced out and then lose their power... but on the left no rules matter... You can do anything you want.. And thats one huge thing i don't like about Libertarians they allow immorality in their platform and people embrace it. I mean Garry was shitfaced stoned during his interviews and no libertarian walked away from him... And Joe Biden will probably win the platform with Harris as his VP for the democrats and just look at those two people.. one that uses his power to sexually harass children in public and another that screwed her way to where she is and is unashamed about it when questioned. and they are suppose to lead the free world? Lead us to what Damnation?

&#x200B;

This Clown World shit coming out lately .. thats pretty dam accurate.

&#x200B;

People on the left have one thing in common... they don't want to be held accountable in their lives

For some of them its Drug Use.. for others its Perversion for others its Criminal Activity .. it may be different for each one of them but the similarity is... none of them will hold themselves accountable.

&#x200B;

And whether its Trump or someone else in 50 years .. 

There is always going to be someone willing to step up and say .. that shit just don't fly.

And that is what will save humanity.

Someone willing to say Yes we need some rules.. and yes we all can do better.

And its just that simple.
Reddit was always left ..  I'm not a republican but a libertarian.  I had to join the Donald when I found out it was quarantined.  Lefty nutjobs can't have a conversation or discourse.   Instead stick their head in the sand and shut down free speech.
First They Came For Milo, I did Nothing. 

Then they Came for Alex Jones, I Did Nothing. 

When They Came For Veritas, I Did Nothing.......
More incentive to vote for him in 2020 :D
This community has committed the biggest sin of the 21st century, wrongthing.. We all need to accept that there is no place in the world for differing oppinions, we all need to think like TV and Politicians tell us to think!
Lol, they’re producing American Capitalist radicals except instead of blowing shit up for 72 virgins, we are going to be donating absurds amounts of money and time for re-election. 

This is a war the globalists cannot won...
Even the moderate lovers of America are now out for blood, but we aren’t dumbfucks who rely on false flags and alt accs.

As a 3rd world immigrant, I see what’s going on. Their underestimation of us will be their downfall. 

This is their final act(s) of desperation.
How dare they quarantine your fine subreddit.  Fuck them.

I joined and started because of the quarantine.

We support you up here in Canada.

Those disingenuous cowards just made you stronger and proved your point.
We are building a new platform to be self governing without direct involvement of admins, moderators can make rules that won’t be encroached on by admins. We are trying to provide a free speech oriented platform without all the bs that Reddit is currently dealing with. We only have a few rules on our site, but we are leaving the moderation up to the moderators. All admin logs are public to promote transparency. We have no rules on hate speech/offensive politics but it is up to the moderators to decide what they want in their sub. Feel free to message me if you have any questions!
Communist China can suck a coastal marxist America hating fronthole
Anti-evil operations?

We are literally living in 1984

Up is down, left is right, right is wrong. Anti-evil operations are evil. 

Honk honk.
I'm worried about the fate of this sub, quarantine almost always leads to removal/ban of the sub. I predicted WPD will be banned after the quarantine, and I was right. 

I really hate this bullshit censorship, many of my favorite subs like WPD are gone, and now T_D...

Not sure what can I do about it?
Very sad day for Reddit
Hello fellow caterpillars it is me your favorite toad Kek.

Just wanted to *hop* by and say

`INSERT GENERIC RULE-BREAKING STRING`
Anyone remember when the music industry shut down Napster back in 1998 to stop everyone from downloading songs?

This will work about as well for them as it did the music industry.
#FUCK REDDIT
🌎🤡

🤡🌎
Tencent owns a stake in Reddit correct?  Could this be considered election interference from a foreign adversary?  If Russians buying Facebook ads is considered election interference then I dunno how you could be fine with a foreign company buying stake in a social media platform then censoring to serve their interests ahead of an election.
I knew there was something different about my feed. Fuck the ctrl-left.
Like google, reddit has an all out push to interfere with the 2020 election.
Its amazing how such a small Reddit sub makes such a big impact. That is when you know they are already censoring the actual number of real users and votes. If we were really that small of numbers that the claim then the impact will be nullified such to a point where it won't matter. We already know they are down playing the number of users now they want to quarantine us. It is really simple for an average user to filter out T_D if they wanted to so why censor T_D? If they don't see it then there is nothing to complain about. If people really are inciting violence then ban those users not the sub. Saw the Media Matters article. A lot of those so called inciting violence was just hypothetical situations where if the Government did try to overthrow us they were simply implying to fight back. Not actually and actual call to violence. These people are idiots.
Far leftists murdered 100 million people and committed 2 genocides (Holodomor and Cambodian Genocide), and I'm being generous there, since the population transfer of the USSR could constituent a form of genocide against the Germans, Chechen, and Mongols.

More over, the crimes of far leftists still persist today (North Korea)

Far leftists are also all genetically fucked up in the brain. As demonstrated by Hover_Street, defending the far left and trying to make this into a cartoonish (Le left are good guys but le right are evil). Leftism is a genetic disorder. Far leftists genetically cannot be humble or self-reflective, and there is a number of scientific studies that show this. It is wrong to give far leftists free speech, because giving far leftist free speech harms free speech as they are known to backstab even the people who defended them.

Far leftists are extremely unlikeable and abnormal people, civilization cannot function with them. This is why Stalin, Mao and Kim Jung Il had to murder so many of them in the party. This is why Pinochet, Stalin are considered heroes, while Russians hate Trotsky.

Speaking of genetics, far leftists are the only political group to invent a psuedoscience that aggressivly attacked the basis of science itself. Lysenkoism. This is because ALL far leftists deny the role of genetics on humans. They are afraid of "inheritance" and this is why they preach race creationism and IQ and genetic denial. Denying the fact that black poor performance in this world is mostly a function of genetics. Anti-racism is a form of pseudoscience.

Far leftists are the only people to physically attack scientists in universities (See E.O wilson). The only people to commit academic fraud for their religion (Steven Jay Gould, Mismeasure of Man, Samuel Morton skull collection). Far leftists are the only people to ban scientific fields

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Suppressed_research_in_the_Soviet_Union

Despite denying genetics, far leftists still took the orphan child of political prisoner, and maltreated them for their status. Engaged in child abuse. Far leftists are EVIL and have no place in civilization.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Orphans_in_the_Soviet_Union#Children_of_%22enemies_of_the_people%22,_1937%E2%80%931945
What's our contingency plan?

EDIT: While those options are good, the fact that we talk about multiple options means we still don't have a plan.
I'm here because of the ban. First the Veritas Google video banned from YT and now TD banned the day of the first DNC debate. 

Attempting to silence voices just makes them speak louder. I am a classical liberal, never considered myself anything but a centrist but they're pushing me, and pushing hard.
The quarantine isn't surprising, we all knew it was only a matter of time before the Chinese started to interfere with the 2020 election. What is surprising though, and extremely annoying,  is the fact that this DOMreddit was removed from my favorites and doesn't show on my list of followed subs.
This kind of censorship is why I'll never vote Democrat again. Their arguments are so weak they block everything they disagree with 'for the greater good' of themselves.
Fake News, Fake hate crimes, Fake reporters, Fake rapes, Fake voters, Fake free speech....what the hell isn’t disturbingly Fake from these Leftists Commies??
Like I said elsewhere, "hey reddit - __you can suck my dick.__"
Wait... So what's the gameplan if TD is nuked? Do we spread into ever corner of Reddit... Specifically "redacted?" Invade their safe space?
Those idiots just made a ton of people notice this reddit and join it, including me .. screw the communists ;)
reddit takes millions from the Chinese government. We're probably the largest group who want to stand up against China. Seems like a conflict of interest for reddit.
This has more to do with the sharing of Project Veritas calling out Google than anything... smokescreen!!!
#**UNSUB FROM ALL OTHER SUBREDDITS DROP EVERYONES METRICS BY 750000 USERS.**

#**DO IT.**
We are actually witnessing a massive silencing of conservatives online ... we are in a modern era  of being forced to shut up and silenced since we have alternative opinions and views and we fight corruption, stand for police, firefighters, our heroes of fighting for our country.  These people planting and seeding hatred are disgusting.  it seem the veritas thing triggered an event and the election debate tonight as well.
动态网自由门 天安門 天安门 法輪功 李洪志 Free Tibet 六四天安門事件 The Tiananmen Square protests of 1989 天安門大屠殺 The Tiananmen Square Massacre 反右派鬥爭 The Anti-Rightist Struggle 大躍進政策 The Great Leap Forward 文化大革命 The Great Proletarian Cultural Revolution 人權 Human Rights 民運 Democratization 自由 Freedom 獨立 Independence 多黨制 Multi-party system 台灣 臺灣 Taiwan Formosa 中華民國 Republic of China 西藏 土伯特 唐古特 Tibet 達賴喇嘛 Dalai Lama 法輪功 Falun Dafa 新疆維吾爾自治區 The Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region 諾貝爾和平獎 Nobel Peace Prize 劉暁波 Liu Xiaobo 民主 言論 思想 反共 反革命 抗議 運動 騷亂 暴亂 騷擾 擾亂 抗暴 平反 維權 示威游行 李洪志 法輪大法 大法弟子 強制斷種 強制堕胎 民族淨化 人體實驗 肅清 胡耀邦 趙紫陽 魏京生 王丹 還政於民 和平演變 激流中國 北京之春 大紀元時報 九評論共産黨 獨裁 專制 壓制 統一 監視 鎮壓 迫害 侵略 掠奪 破壞 拷問 屠殺 活摘器官 誘拐 買賣人口 遊進 走私 毒品 賣淫 春畫 賭博 六合彩 天安門 天安门 法輪功 李洪志 Winnie the Pooh 劉曉波动态网自由门
Joined when there was about 50k patriots. Not the first time this has happened.
They quarantined The\_Donald literally hours before the first Democrat debates.

&#x200B;

Convenient, innit...
The liberals are so liberal that they ban everyone with a different opinion.
man, Politics is having a circle jerk about this. good god. I'm not a 100% trump guy but, I can respect what he has accomplished against an all out war against him.
I just want them to leave us alone, but they don't. No self-awareness; they don't see how scary their opinions being forced on the rest of us truly is. I want to read whatever I want.  None of us ever says anything violent, we're disgusted.  It's the trolls, the fakes, who come in here pretending to be legitimate conservatives and post dreadful things no conservative would ever advocate.  Conservatives like things nice, not nasty.  


This is a parody of fairness, just so they can shut down this avenue of our being able to speak to each other. It's a farce and a kabuki dance.  I am so sick of being bullied by (il)liberals, forced to listen to by their creepy world view they shove down everyone's throat, all the while shutting down dissent.  They claim we are fascist, when they are the ones manipulating, lying, and acting without respect or integrity.  


I despise the entire socialist world view and always will. This is where that whiny, "butt-hurt" complaining comes from; liberals dwell in a fantasy world.  


Here they come; prepare to be boarded, The\_Donald-ites!
So now what. This is fucked. Shill accounts did this.
Yet, pedo subs are thriving on this shitty site.
Support for the_donald.
I had the hardest time just finding you all again. Its not coming up in search. We all need to put direct links out there.
Haha you guys welcome to the club. Q anon subreddit got closed down over a year ago. You guys seen nothing yet.
So does that mean I can train a pug to stand up and salute to a Soviet Music video and post it on reddit without going to jail?
No surprise at all.  Just the next phase of leftist censorship leading up to the election.
I tried to register TheDonald domain name to help set up a private forum that wont be subject to admins but it was already taken.  Hopefully by one of you fine people.
#ЯEDDIT 2019
The spark that started  the Revolution.  This only spurs our resolve.  Viva the Donald.
Fuck liberals. They can't handle any opposing opinions at all so they ban anyone who isn't a commie piece of shit. This will surely turn more people to their side. Not.
Liberals are a bunch of sissy faggots. They're going to step up their fascism before the elections.
Reddit, this is the biggest mistake you'll ever make.
I'll never again visit Reddit except for The_Donald, and if they ban this group goodbye Reddit.
Send in Project Veritas!
I love the liberals shadow commenting here calling this move capitalism....

&#x200B;

So demented they don't even realize capitalistic websites don't curate opinion, they only care for user-base size and monetization..
Can a mod sticky a post about where we should all move on to from here, in the event we get shut down completely?  There's been a couple other sites mentioned (Gab, Parler, and another that I can't recall), but it'd be great if all of T_D could get on the same page and move to the same place.
Leftism is a religion and this is their modern day book burning.  History repeats itself and these foolish social media sites lack any self-awareness.  It's amazing.
eat a dick reddit
I am sending the following message to contact@reddit.com:

"To whom it may concern,


     I am a member of r/The_Donald on Reddit. It has come to my concern that the subreddit is under quarantine due to false claims of hate speech. Is there a person or administrator I can complain to about this gross injustice? If so, please give me that email address. Do not blame the actions of a few reddit users on the entire subreddit. It is clear to me and everyone on r/The_Donald that this may be a case of censorship and restriction of free speech. 


     If r/The_Donald is banned, then I will have no choice but to leave Reddit and delete my account. I hope it doesn't come to that and Reddit does not become an open political platform. Reddit should be a place where everyone can have respectful discussions about a wide variety of topics and opinions."
So an antifa communist fig can waltz in here, make violent threats "on the\_Donald subreddit" and the\_Donald gets punished!?!?!? Nice try commies. WILL. NOT. COMPLY.
These are the same people that would place you ALL in gulags if they could.

-Michael Malice
The Trump Curse has now been activated. Reddit will soon go the path of Digg.
The solution for this is not to find another online platform.

The solution is to go outside to the real world during this next election season and print out giant MEME POSTERS in front of every liberal establishment we can find.

Google HQ

Reddit HQ

Starbucks

Your local news station

NY Times

Whole Foods

Your local university.

This could be a huge blessing in disguise... as the Democrats are only thinking online now.  They can't do anything about the real offline world :D
Tim Poole's really gonna have to take a hard look at his priorities, between ideology and party allegiance, versus censorship/free press issues. I wouldn't be surprised, given how bad this is all getting, to hear he's voting trump 2020 just for this one issue alone
we all know what's coming next
I'm just posting on this subreddit today to say censorship like this is cancer and will only backfire worse than reddit / Google / fb / others can imagine.

It's made me sypathetic to people I have almost no ethical commonalities with lol.
The Donald encourages violence against law enforcement? Huh? Seems like a textbook implementation of a Saul Alinsky principle.  

# “Accuse Your Enemy Of What You Are Doing, As You Are Doing It To Create Confusion”
XD shadow banning this place just made me want to join in, what people will never understand is the more you try to control and the more they try to make rules against something the more likely your going to draw far more attention to it and more people are going to starting doing the opposite of what these businesses are telling you is wrong.

its like a war on drugs you tell people its bad for you and you shouldn't do it, it just encourages them to either do it more or it becomes a larger issue.
Big things everyone should be doing:

Up Vote conservative content on every sub you come across - even ones antithetical to ours.  

Down Vote liberal content on every sub you come across.  

KEEP POSTING HERE!

Get on Gab!
Time to plan our transfer off reddit. I'll follow the admins of td. Good riddance to these lying fascist cocksuckers.

So where are we going.
I'm not from this subreddit but, I support you all. People should not be silenced simply because you disagree with them.
Just heard the news, here to support my MAGA bros.
F
meme discord up, pm me for invite
OUR subreddit!
Projection at its finest.
Welp, guess we better start singing before the NVKD shows up and puts us in the gulag, I'll start us off 

Союз нерушимый республик свободных
Сплотила навеки Великая Русь.
Да здравствует созданный волей народов
Единый, могучий Советский Союз!
Only 45k users online right now lol
This is such obvious horseshit.. jesus christ reddit.. get it together.
Feel for you guys. From Russia, with support
Oh but it's "democratic" socialism, it's different this time.
Reddits obvious dnc shilling is in violation of FEC rules.

https://www.fec.gov/help-candidates-and-committees/candidate-taking-receipts/who-can-and-cant-contribute/
When do the Mandarin classes begin?
To hell with reddit!
Where can we go that will appreciate our massive chunk of activity that reddit tries to benefit from while distancing themselves from freedom(
[removed]
Wtf
 In Soviet reddit only commissars have speech comrades.
What in the world???!!!
https://www.projectveritas.com/brave/
What the hell is happening? What will we do if the worst happens and we are shut down?
China to Reddit: I'm the captain now.
Welp, so far I've been banned from Twatter (same thing as James Woods) and now quarantined on Reddit, never had a FakeBook account. Pretty much cut off. This needs to be fixed asap.
 kilroy was here
Where do we go once this subreddit is officially banned? How do we organize a mass migration? 

I'm in tech. Work for a similar brainwashed liberal tech company. 

There has to be alternatives.
So it begins. You only engineer your end you shitlords. Pede’s unite!
Who is surprised that reddit did this?  Reddit has become a vile cesspool of SJW npc's who beleive that their feelings Trump reality.  Good job reddit, proving us right about you and your willingness to cuck yourselves. I hope reddit does out and becomes the AOL of this generation... once great and then collapsed under it's own fat arse ineptitude.
Reddit is truly over. :( I used to really love this place.
I'd rather be dead than red
Other than the obvious not buying reddit awards, we all need to take serious measures to stop generating profit for a company that *ahem* **is an actual example of a threat to democracy** do not use the reddit mobile app and ensure you have adblock on the desktop site. Do not fund evil.
REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Of course Project Veritas has something to do with this, but let’s not forget about Mueller’s testimony coming up. Too much on the line and they’re are desperate to monopolize the conversation.
You do realize that if we acquiesce to their demands now, pretty soon, simply uttering "1776" will be considered advocating or glorifying violence.
🤡🌎
Save everything
WTF is going on. Do we have an alternative in place?
And Patriot count for T_D continues to climb today, now at 757k. Welcome new COP LOVING pedes!!
Just started reading 1984 for the first time (late to the party I know.) and all I can say is wow; the similarities here are crazy. They were looking for a reason to quarantine us for months and this is just the beginning.
That's what happens when you allow a minority of your sub to ruin it for everyone else.  /shrug
Do what’s the backup for free speech if/when TD is fully banned?
Let's just move to a new site now!
hello
Big deal, just start theDon sub Reddit , to keep fighting the good fight.
I wonder if Tucker will pick up on this. He likes to lead off his show with these kinds of stories.
"But....  But.... I thought it was Mueller Time....  Peach Mints Now!   Arrghahaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!

&#x200B;

That's it! 

No collusion?  No Obstruction?

First of all, It was her turn in 2016....

Now this? I've had it!

Ban TD!"

&#x200B;

\-Reddit
Could we get a list of wrongthink so I don't commit another violation against Big Brother?   I've seen no violations in the last 2 and a half years, but if Big Brother is reporting it, the violations must be true.  Long live Oceania!!!!
They're just trying to distract us from the utter enjoyment we will have tonight, making fun of the democratic debate.
Pinkos do what they always resort to doing. Silence, suppress, and slander.
We all knew this day would come.

SPEZ:  Honestly, this day arrived over two years ago.  After the 2016 election this Domreddit flooded / blanketed the front page of /all with pictures of the GEOTUS-Elect and the first (but by no means last) restrictions on its visibility went into place shortly thereafter. Fucking supporting the sitting President is offensive to the cucks on this website.
i'm a little angry right now
Surprised it took so long. But I do like the feeling of being ... criminal. I am alpha, and very bad-ass. Ladies, I will now treat you like a ho, and you will love me for it. 

I am tough, I have a tattoo. Want to ride my motorbike, bitch? Yeah, you wish. 

&#x200B;

Feelsgoodman. 

&#x200B;

This will be over-turned, and we will be victorious. I'm from Oz, so don't really count as MAGA, but if I could enter illegally and vote for The Don, I would.
What we are witnessing are the death throws and rolls of a dying Democratic Party.

DT 16’ was not the end or culmination of 8 years of Obama it was only the beginning of the conservative years to come.

These are powerless people trying to exercise the last bit of control they have before they’re relegated to nothing.

Be strong pedes!
What are they going to do now? Go back on the quarantine? I don't think so... they've gone over the edge now. I sincerely hope that big tech companies get broken up.
Cause of google I bet, is that the consensus? 

Rally for Trump 100% we need him leading America now more than ever. 

Honestly, the world does. If they had their way last election I shudder to think what would’ve happened...
I'm trying not to be angry, but this blatantly obvious censorship against conservatives is ridiculous. Don't they know trying to silence us only makes us dig in our heels harder? I'm hoping for a new place to share conservative views. If anyone knows of any other social media platforms where we can continue sharing news, memes, opinions, and support of our current president, please let me know!
Thanks reddit. You've all just forced me to do something I've never done before. Donate to the Trump campaign. As will millions of others. So again, thanks.
The loonies try to say Jews control the world because "you can't criticize them" but the fact remains one lispy faggot from south of the border got Crowder defunded and quarantined the largest subreddit on the site.
Spez is a Libertarian lol
Where are we going to go after this place gets banned?
I forgot my phone at home today and  I come home from work to check my favorite subreddit and it says its private.  I immediately knew something funky was going on with the debates tonight. Went online and see it's been quarantined.  You cant access the subreddit through the Sync app right now. 

I never thought they would be this obvious with their bias but I guess nothing is below them.
Punishing a group for the actions of individuals is nothing less than bigotry. They are quite transparently bigots.
Союз нерушимый республик свободных
Сплотила навеки Великая Русь.
Да здравствует созданный волей народов
Единый, могучий Советский Союз!

Славься, Отечество наше свободное,
Дружбы, народов надежный оплот!
Знамя советское, знамя народное
Пусть от победы, к победе ведет!
Soiuz nerushimyj respublik svobodnykh
Splotila naveki Velikaia Rus.
Da zdravstvuet sozdannyj volej narodov
Edinyj, moguchij Sovetskij Soiuz!

Slavsia, Otechestvo nashe svobodnoe,
Druzhby, narodov nadezhnyj oplot!
Znamia sovetskoe, znamia narodnoe
Pust ot pobedy, k pobede vedet!
 
 
Сквозь грозы сияло нам солнце свободы,
И Ленин великий нам путь озарил.
Нас вырастил Сталин - на верность народу
На труд и на подвиги нас вдохновил.

Славься, Отечество чаше свободное,
Счастья народов надежный оплот!
Знамя советское, знамя народное
Пусть от победы к победе ведет!
Skvoz grozy siialo nam solntse svobody,
I Lenin velikij nam put ozaril.
Nas vyrastil Stalin - na vernost narodu
Na trud i na podvigi nas vdokhnovil.

Slavsia, Otechestvo chashe svobodnoe,
Schastia narodov nadezhnyj oplot!
Znamia sovetskoe, znamia narodnoe
Pust ot pobedy k pobede vedet!
Мы армию нашу растили в сраженьях, 
Захватчиков подлых с дороги сметем! 
Мы в битвах решаем судьбу поколений, 
Мы к славе Отчизну свою поведем! 

Славься, Отечество наше свободное, 
Славы народов надежный оплот! 
Знамя советское, знамя народное 
Пусть от победы к победе ведет!
Anyone saying this benefits us is extremely stupid. You can no longer access TD using IOS unless you log onto the clunky internet browser version. This is going to destroy our traffic.

This is war.

*iS thAt InCitEmeNt??!*
Full blown ridiculousness... like others have said they can’t deal with differing viewpoints.
Remember DIGG? Reddit will go down as well.
ALERT: WE ARE CURRENTLY BEING BRIGADED EN MASSE BY PEOPLE TRYING TO MAKE US LOOK BAD

BE VIGILANT AND REPORT ALL
Had to use a desktop to unlock this subreddit.  What a joke.  The left are fascists.
never really went here much, think im gonna start frequenting it more now
Love the censor. Obey the censor.

2+2=5 genders.

I love big brother.
Quit using reddit then, nobody's making you use it
Its the Bolsheviks.
WHAT THE FUCK REDDIT?!?!?!
This is funny and all, but honestly we need to leave. Who can clone this thing?

&#x200B;

edit: by thing I mean entire subreddit.
Is there a minimum amount of time one needs to have been here in order to post? I feel like a lot of these fake planted posts could be combatted with a few posting requirments, like being a reddit member for a month with a certain amount of posts.
Can someone please explain!  If so many of us are still here in the sub (which I was able to access by logging in through safari and accepting the prompt to continue in a quarantined sub), what is the point of a quarantine?  Cuz it's still accessible, so what's the deal?
So at this point we are fucked?  Is it only a matter of time before they kill the sub?

I fear for this country...  I truly do.
hahahah they can't handle it!!
Signing up for Gab and T\_D Discord.
#U DUN GOOFED
Doesnt change anything, fuck em
Holy shit. I was so confused when I signed in just now!
So how is this different from before?
This cannot be. Manuscripts don’t burn.
Reddit banned me from this sub for telling a troll he should have been swallowed. Luckily one of the mods is real one.
Time to shut down Reddit, by any means necessary.  
This is treason and interference in the USA election.  
They literally are censoring the sub that the President of the United States has posted in.
Is it permanent?  Kind of odd to give a permanent quarantine for the alleged actions of a few idiots.
The "tolerant left" strikes again!
 动态网自由门 天安門 天安门 法輪功 李洪志 Free Tibet 六四天安門事件 The Tiananmen Square protests    of 1989 天安門大屠殺 The Tiananmen Square Massacre 反右派鬥爭 The Anti-Rightist    Struggle 大躍進政策 The Great Leap Forward 文化大革命 The Great Proletarian    Cultural Revolution 人權 Human Rights 民運 Democratization 自由 Freedom 獨立    Independence 多黨制 Multi-party system 台灣 臺灣 Taiwan Formosa 中華民國 Republic    of China 西藏 土伯特 唐古特 Tibet 達賴喇嘛 Dalai Lama 法輪功 Falun Dafa 新疆維吾爾自治區 The    Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region 諾貝爾和平獎 Nobel Peace Prize 劉暁波 Liu    Xiaobo 民主 言論 思想 反共 反革命 抗議 運動 騷亂 暴亂 騷擾 擾亂 抗暴 平反 維權 示威游行 李洪志 法輪大法 大法弟子    強制斷種 強制堕胎 民族淨化 人體實驗 肅清 胡耀邦 趙紫陽 魏京生 王丹 還政於民 和平演變 激流中國 北京之春 大紀元時報 九評論共産黨    獨裁 專制 壓制 統一 監視 鎮壓 迫害 侵略 掠奪 破壞 拷問 屠殺 活摘器官 誘拐 買賣人口 遊進 走私 毒品 賣淫 春畫 賭博 六合彩    天安門 天安门 法輪功 李洪志 Free Tibet 劉曉波动态网自由门
Yep it’s gonna happen
[removed]
look up "ain't I right " by marty robbins
Did they really say we were quarantined for "hiding" the report button. All we did was just change it to "deport"
This is getting pathetic, not sure who made a post but so what, it happens, people say stupid shit. I See it all the time on Twitter, people only calling for violence against POTUS or followers. I will leave this place in a heartbeat if they shut our forum down.
If you haven't adblocked this entire site and uninstalled the app and refused cookies from it down to the minimum it takes to log in, you are not doing your duty as an American.

Stop giving this company money in ANY WAY.
Thoughts and prayers.
surprisedpikachuface.jpg
The social media silencing of Conservatives and those whom oppose the mainstream narrative continues because too many red pills were being dis-spezed to the masses...
My posts are blocked by bots. No reply from mods. BUB by!
This is a blatant sign of their desperation. It may look like we're about to lose, but that couldn't be further from the truth. If this sub does indeed gets banned, it only means we're winning by a lot and they're feeling the pressure. Don't fall for their deceit. They're masters at it, but this move is messy no matter how synchronized and organized they are in executing this plan. It's a bad plan from the start and it'll be a bad plan in the end
They are fricken COMMUNISTS!  I'm as law abiding as they come, a public school teacher for corrupt Los Angeles Unified.  A sign of things to come.  You've been banned for being EFFECTIVE!!  By far this is my favorite site on the internet.  I'm as normal as they come, and completely immersed in east LA hardcore progressive territory.  I hope more latinos and blacks wake the heck up.  Banned is the future they have for ALL RIGHT THINKING/NORMAL anti-socialists.  Conform or die is their DREAM for us.
I noticed that the number of subscribers has grown a lot faster than normal. A couple thousand since the quarantine, that’s way faster that usual
Here because of the ban keep up the good work pedes
They suspended my 8 year old account permanently a day ago. The culling begins.
Interesting strategy Cotton, lets see if it pays off!
You guys understand that the next step will be to shutdown this sureddit. I would say in the next month or two.
Lol
This is one of my favorite subreddits. I hope it gets unbanned soon
What happened?  Banned?
cant we just make a new one
I for one will just delete these crybaby shits and find someplace else to waste time. Violence my ass.
So, can we not post anymore? They wiped my slate clean😂 I’ll take that as a badge of honor.
is there a backup plan for where this site will be reconstituted if it does get banned?  I'd miss the meme's and keeping up with all the goings on in the world without it.
They are laughing at us. 

And every time we say, “This means we are winning,” they laugh harder.
Leftwing totalitarians, under all of their brand names, always have same goals & methods.

DNC = CPUSA = NAZI = Marxists = Fascists = Progressives = etc...

ALWAYS.
Hell yeah! Another comrade!
How long before the quarantine turns into the Holodomor
"Hillary Clinton's Emails" is a phrase that google will not autocomplete but it will auto complete "Donald Trump's emails".
This is closer to the truth than you think.

China has its tentacles on many online platforms globally, and it's not just in America.
Elizabeth Warren, censorship, open borders, gun bans, and socialism. They are handing us 2020 on a silver platter.
How can you be so stupid to do this? On this sub we're contained. We can MAGA, AWOO, hand out coats, bricks and praise the God Emperor of Mankind to our hearts content. This like throwing rocks at a hornets nest. Not smart.
first waterniggas, now this?
Oh no we have been sent to the gulags. They’ve done it now.
I guess this means we have the right enemies
Not a fan of trump at all, but I'll take him over raging idealist commies any day of the week. This quarantine is not okay
if only they were just plain communist, this is BOLSHEVIK!
Where can I go for the funny debates memes, in the meantime? Thanks for all suggestions!
Fuck you China!
Gonna be honest, I hope this community is banned. Not because I hate it or anyone in it. You guys need to dump this site and convince as many people as you can to abandon it. Coders? Make new sites free of this commie shit. Let this shill owned site become like myspace. Reddit and its owners are our enemy.
Shut it down!
How the fuck is it communism? Do you even know what communism means?
Lol Reddit thinking this is going to make us stop

They can take our ~~lives~~ ability to be seen on r/all, but they can never take our ~~freedom~~ shitposting.
Where are the alternate communities?  Gab, Discord?!?
[removed]
what a bunch of useless cunts, this site needs to die already
Great news to wake up to! All the whining only makes it more hilarious, thanks for making my day!
[removed]
[removed]
REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Reddit is a private company.  How is that communist?
[removed]
how can you say a privately owned business is communist when this is clearly capitalistic company enforcing their policy.  I would have let corporate tyranny pass, but this isn't communism.  I thought this sub loved the Russians.
Donald is too nasty and old for reddit. Y'all should takeover Facebook.
Womp fucking womp.
Y'all got cucked
[removed]
[deleted]
[removed]
[removed]
LGBTQ but no T_D for you!
Not even if you're one of the aforementioned letters. 

Police have guns.
Criminals have guns.
Illegals have guns.
World military powers have guns.
American citizens gave up guns.
Who won?
Get fucked bitch boys
[removed]
So you're supporting Bernie now? Because socialism is close to communism without being true communism, and Bernie Sanders's policies have lined up closely with socialism
isn't reddit just a company, not the government?  why would so-called republicans complain that a company is censoring them?  seems, highly un-conservative.
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
Reddit isnt the govt... its a private forum n xan do watevr they like... if constantly youre called the asshole... maybe take the hint
[removed]
They quarantined your safe space
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
On my way home today two Trump haters passed me on the crosswalk. SF Bay Area, my friends, belly of the beast. Their conversation defied reason and logic, it was like watching some dipshits on reality tv discussing their next frappuchino orders. 

The woman said if she were Melania she'd dump her husband after the next election. So she's in favor of whoring yourself out for money and power instead of leaving a bad relationship immediately.

The, let's just call him a man, said he's praying hard Trump won't win. So I'm guessing he's a god fearing man who goes to church every week and has a deep faith in a higher power than himself. I could be wrong there. 

Now, in an emergency, which of them would help and which would run screaming like a girl and save their own ass while leaving the helpless to suffer? Neither was CCW, that's for sure, and by their physical appearance are not brining anything more than Chuck Norris's worst jokes. Full of opinions and hate, and fully unprepared to handle life outside their thumbsucking safe space.
About time
things right wingers say that would be awesome if they were true
Good.
What? A private company making the choice to quarantine a sub that has repeatedly skated the line in hate speech is completely what capitalism is all about.
[removed]
[removed]
If you didn't realize the left was dead the moment the DNC rigged the primaries for Queen Hillary in 2016 (and everyone found out), then you need to revisit that time.  Everything after that has been a slow death march to irrelevance.  Seriously, these are the final spasms of death we're seeing here from the left.  That's why there's been such a sudden and dramatic shift leftwards in the pat 2 years.  They have no other choice than to go out with a bang.
Take some time to browse the posts and comments so that you can see how full of it the admins are.
Always lurked for the lulz/memes/etc. Now signed up and active.

This has always been one of the friendliest subs on reddit.
Just joined myself. Not really a fan of Trump per se, but I do like the fact he pisses off the authoritarian left, so here I am.
Streisand Effect.
My first time here lol. I added it just to spite them
you have now been infected with Wrong Think

best of luck
If you see any of these alleged calls to violence I urge you report them and watch how fast they get removed.

Every single time I've reported a comment, till I can reply to it, I can't because it's deleted. It's absurd how fast the mods remove comments against the rules. Yet apparently they're so rampent we need quarantined to our own little area.
I kinda steered away from this sub after the election. I am now full fucking steam ahead. This sub needs to BLOW UP in terms of popularity and there needs to be a back up for it established RIGHT NOW.
 I'm cool with Trump, but I never got into this sub either. I've joined to show my support, but I'm sure it will prove to be a futile act. Hoping for the best.
Welcome to the club. You'll find out soon that you've been lied to about us and the President.
Welcome
Let us know when you find the abundance of violence and hate that everyone on the outside say we're filled with. Me, I'm still looking...
The number of readers has gone up 2K in a few hours, it's not going down, it's growing.
I’ve been watching the subscriber count ever since we got quarantined. It seems there’s been a increase in people subscribing. Even more so than normal.

I guess reddit doesn’t know about the Streisand effect...
I literally had to create a new account just to view it. My app was all wonky and wouldn’t let me in on my 3 year old account.
doesnt matter.  Theyre going to kill it.  This sub was the last thing keeping Reddit popular and fresh.  Now Reddit will go the way of Digg.  The only question is what will come next.
And how exactly did you hear about this page when it was quarantined?

I believe posts like this are to quell the anger by saying "this improves our cause" when really it's a false statement.

To quote another pede:

AnarchyViking 44 points 1 day ago 

Talking about CNN ratings being down is a way for sharebluee to try to get Republicans and not care about online censorship

If they think that CNN's ratings are down then they won't care that their own republican news rating are down

But all the concern trolling about CNN ratings being down doesn't factor in all the other websites that are not down. It doesn't factor in that the Washington Post made 1 billion dollars in 2017

It doesn't factor in the The New York Times subscriptions hit record highs

It doesn't factor in The Huffington Post and other Democrat websites pulling in hundreds of millions of views

Okay sure CNN's TV ratings might be down. But that's not where people get their news. They get it online. And online Democrat websites are killing it well conservative websites are dying due to censorship

Breitbart went from the number one most shared website on Facebook to losing millions of users

The Gateway pndit had the same problem

Inf00wars lost more than half their users

And you can look at it across the board.

talking about CNN's TV ratings is a wait for concern trolls to get Republicans to be complacent so if you think it's not so bad. It is. Republicans need to be standing up in record numbers against censorship and actually worrying about it but if they think that CNN is down they wonr care
Ditto
[deleted]
I subbed to The Red Pill just because they quarantined it. I'm literally at the point where anything that gets banned/restricted I go to. They're trying to hide so much.
Jep, just signed up and gonna start being active too.
Welcome! Too bad the ship is sinking before you got delicious lulz and memes
That's why I'm here too. Tim Pool gave me the heads up. This is crazy, the NWO is truly here. Freedom is dead if we don't fight for it.
Welcome.   Study up, you might not be able to read these posts much longer.
Streisand Effect on full display. Reddit will regret this decision.
I just looked at your comment history and you already posted in this subreddit before, why lie ?
Welcome to the dom! Hey comfy and grab a coat!
This is the cause of our ban

https://twitter.com/gaywonk/status/1143233301538365440

SAME DUDE CARLOS MAZA
Same. Just joined.
Welcome brother / sister and any others that join us.  We have been gulaged by the leftists at reddit.  This was expected as we got closer to the 2020 election.  The left will do whatever they see as necessary to reduce Trump's chances of winning.
[deleted]
Same here. They're winning Trumps 2020 election for him.
Sad but there probably won't be more like you because TD will probably be banned in a day or two. I hope I'm wrong
EVERYTHING THE LEFT DOES TO TRY AND HURT TRUMP BACKFIRES AND MAKES THEM LOOK LIKE FOOLS!!!! Nice to have you here man!
Enjoy it while it lasts. It'll be banned in the run up to the 2020 election.
Just another curious, pro-Trump Brit passing through... there's a lot of us over here, we're just quiet
Spend a few days here. You’ll see what they are saying about us is a total BS lie.
Check the top posts, they are nothing like what they say about T_D. This is a happy place.

Also our memes are fantastic.

This being a happy place with fantastic memes is what makes them so afraid that they need to Quarantine this place, so it doesn't infect the rest of Reddit.
ditto
Count me in that group.  I know this post is about to get me banned from a bunch of subs, but this was a step too far.

I didn't even consider myself a Trump supporter a few months ago.  Just a somewhat conservative leaning gun nut.  I will admit I voted libertarian in the 2016 election.

Now, though, the constant attacks are getting old.  The thought policing is getting old.  I feel like I can't stay neutral anymore.  Too many personal attacks.  This action by Reddit has changed by vote for 2020.  I'm on board now.

Side note: never having looked around here, I am *in shock* over now civil this place actually is.  I never believed everything that was said, but damn.  The complaints about y'all are very much exaggerated.
Welcome to the club! There are already more subscribers to The\_Donald than the populations of Boston, Denver, or Seattle, and I'm sure the're will be many more to come now. This train has no brakes!
I have read and posted on T_D daily since early 2016 (under different handles).

I have never once seen a threat of violence against law enforcement on this Domreddit.

Further, President Trump himself is the most vocal supporter of law enforcement and the military to occupy the White House in modern history.

The majority of comments I see here regarding police are positive, except in certain threads alleging police brutality/complaining about certain laws.

However, leftists routinely encourage and commit violence against police and other citizens, particularly groups such as BLM and Antifa, which are praised or at least tolerated elsewhere on Reddit.

Reddit is once again applying a double standard and persecuting a large, mainstream community of users for the supposed "crime" of supporting the duly-elected president of the United States.

I make it a point to represent the pro-police perspective 100% of the time, and even in negative threads, to remind people that the actions of a minority are not equivalent to all or even most police officers.

Law enforcement is a crucial function in our society, and literally allows the law, and thus our society and country, to exist.

Cops are human beings, and human nature means sinfulness. However, American police are typically thoroughly vetted during the hiring process, and are usually highly law-abiding and principled individuals, if not perfect.

Anyone who has a problem with certain laws, such as drug laws, civil asset forfeiture, "quorum-busting" laws, etc., should remember that it is called law enforcement, and not law creation, for a reason.
Lmao... thanks reddit.  I am a Trump supporter and haven't seen this sub till now.  Had to join!
Luckily for you, we have some spare coats.  GET THIS PATRIOT A COAT.
Welcome! Hold on tight.

Get this guy a coat.
Welcome. Stick around a while and you will see we are not what you have probably been made to believe.
I've been lurking here since 2016. Posted a few times. I knew this was coming, rather supprised it took reddit this long to go full Stalin.
Welcome.  And get this patriot a coat!
It will mostly be more people like me coming to see these bigots lose their shit -- because it's funny -- after staying away because you are all bat-crazy cluster-fucked dumb-asses.
Welcome.
This is a takeover. American citizens being censured for supporting our President.
Are you positive?
Pedo subs will still be here. God forbid you want to support the president and question 9/11 because those subs are banned.
[removed]
we need to spread our opinions out in the wild, we can't stay caged here where no will see us.  We need to try to change minds on the subs where malleable minds exist
Could disappear at any second.  Felt like a total shock when I saw it was quarantined even though we've all known something like this to be likely.  It's already hard to find in quarantine, I can only access it on my computer (NOT on my phone) by clicking on my own personal comments in this sub in my history.  This truly is something else.  The internet used to be the ultimate in free speech and now its the kiss of death.
Where are we going after this?
There is no way that this sub will survive till 2020
[removed]
[removed]
you forget all the pedo subs
Guy between P and R told us this would happen.

You should all be red pilled.  
You should all be prepared.  
VOAT will be a home for you refugees.
We need a backup plan.
it was planned all along leading to the 2020 elections!  google, bookface, twitter, and now reddit have all been moving more and more towards censorship as the elections get closer.

&#x200B;

they weren't just gonna shut everything down at once, it was gonna be slowly and quietly, a little at a time so as to make it look harmless...
“740k” (7 Million) users and one or two comments (fake news) earn a quarantine or ban in the sub. It’s a joke.
Quarantined subs get about a half a year b4 the ban
Hit them on their revenue. Firefox + uBlock. Blokada.org. AdAway. Newpipe. Stremio. Protonmail. Pcloud. Etc... Use their servers, don't watch their ads. I make a point of block ads on devices of family, friends, whatever device comes in contact with me, gets fully ad blocked.
Can't anything be done on how easily it'd be to prove unequal application of their policy? This was quarantined supposedly over threats of violence against police, as well as public officials. Redacted, and every other major political sub, breaks that regularly. Hell, they threat violence in some form against Trump ("public official') daily, and plenty of other public officials, supporters, etc. w/ no repercussions. We all know there's a clear double standard, but in this case it's verifiable
my friend recommended godlikeproductions dot com .  Anyone familiar with this forum?
I forget, do we have a Discord I'm forgetting about? If so, we need to organize, then hit Reddit with the ultimate shitstorm of Pro-Trump subreddits, post, and general shitposting everywhere else. We need to flood r politics, and all other subredits with content, and do other forms of brigiading. We can not just let this lie.
But which sub can Trump supporters go to? They're banning any right-leaning subs with an uptick of activity for "quarantine evasion."  
  
If we are unable to make another Trump sub then they are effectively banning Trump support on the platform.   
  
If they have indeed created a policy against Trump support on their platform then they are treading dangerously close to acting as publishers, ie "information content provider," rather than a platform, ie "interactive computer service" under Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act.  Will be very interested to see how this plays out in court.
[removed]
We are many!
I think that's the irony of this situation.  I was mainly a lurker here, but now I'm far more interested in contributing because of the censorship.  I suspect many more will feel this way.
Streisand effect is real, bro.
When I saw the post saying we were quarantined it went from 700 comments to over 1,500 comments in just 10 minutes. Oh and this all  happened within just 30 minutes fucking incredible. Does anyone know how high the comment count on that thread got?
Fuck the quarantine and fuck reddit
Something with their user count manipulation is clearly not working properly. I find it hard to believe that out of the 750k subscribers, 50k of them are online at one time. 50k out of 7 million? Sounds more likely.
[removed]
I’m just here to view the cesspool
Most people think quarantine is SEXY.
#\#MeToo
Ya mother get up come on get down with the sickness
Get this man a coat and a brick!
[removed]
Aye bet! Nice to have you here man
Welcome! We hope you enjoy the warmth, hospitality, and kindness that’s virtually impossible to find anywhere else on reddit.
[removed]
Welcome. I'm from Brazil and I visit this sub inumerous times, daily. Go on, T_D!
I was *just* thinking about the fantasies!
Almost like Reddit administration actually has little to no bias against right-wing views and if just turning a profit from the constant persecution complex of both parties.
Except for those posts you made a couple of months ago, oops.
Same here. It is an honor to be here with all of you.
Agreed, this has gone too far.  I'm not voting for people who suppress free speech, even if I disagree with the content of the speech.  I'd rather my intellectual adversary be in charge so long as both of our rights to debate are also protected.  That is the single most important aspect of a democratic republic that allows it to function : free speech.
I didn't vote for him in 2016, but I sure as shit am going to in 2020.
I think it is closed — could not find it.

This has become a constitutional freedom of assembly issue.

Please post the contact information for your state’s attorney general.

To file complaint in Texas, online:  http://txoag.force.com/CPDOnlineForm

Texas Senator, online form:  Ted Cruz   https://www.cruz.senate.gov/?p=form&id=16  (use subject: Reddit Ban)
No need. They know already. I'm sure this dom Reddit is monitored 24/7 by the admin.
Hey, if they want us to report more comments that make threats of violence on reddit, then let us report more comments that make threats of violence on reddit.
You are right that it is censorship, but I am unsure which I value more, the right for a private entity to choose what they have on their site or the speech of the people using the site.  The former would be tough to argue as Reddit is not a utility.  Use of Reddit is not necessary for day to day life like electricity or food.

&#x200B;

On the other hand, **Freedom of association** has been ruled to be an important precursor for freedom of speech.  So Reddit can disassociate form T\_D, similarly to how the anybody using Reddit can dissociate from using it.  Both sides of the choice to disassociate from each other which is ultimately a form of free speech if we are able to choose who we interact with.
To file complaint in Texas, online:  http://txoag.force.com/CPDOnlineForm

Texas Senator, online form:  Ted Cruz   https://www.cruz.senate.gov/?p=form&id=16  (use subject: Reddit Ban)
I sent Ted a message on Monday regarding the Project Veritas expose and Tuesday he was grilling that useless User Experience director on precisely the points I mentioned in my message.  Now I'm not saying the two are related, but I am saying that Ted and I appear to be on exactly the same page, which is probably about the best you can hope from from a Senator/Constituent point of view.
For the first time in my 49 years on this rock, I felt compelled to write to my Senators. 

This targeted infringement of our constitutional right to free association cannot be allowed to stand.
Alex Jones was right again !
And they own Joe Biden.
> Chicoms own Reddit

Which is exactly why they set this up right before the G20 summit. 

Hong Kong protests were just a week ago. 

The chinese want to keep attention away from the trade war so  that they can ride out Trump.
[removed]
No they don't.

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Advance_Publications

CEO's brother who is the President: 

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Donald_Newhouse
Yeah totally "It's the CHICOMS", not a certain other group that controls all media and pushes for mass censorship.  The group that can't even be named here.
2020 is all about Russia vs. China, huh?
Preach it loud brother!
Source? Oh wait, you typed in all caps so it must be true. I believe you one hundred percent. No need for any sort of proof here.
Does it seem like they've learned anything?

Haha.
No, they learned that nothing is done to stop them from cheating and forging ballets
They never learn.
This is good for us,  they will be even more extreme in 2024 when this fails again
I think there are bigger things at work.  This is going to lead to the government controlling the internet.
You don't have this as your homepage?
Also T_D posts are no longer showing up on the front page. You have to click on the "yes I want to view this subreddit" button before it will show up on your feed.
You can add it as a shortcut on RES
If you drag the URL down to your favorites bar it'll stay there. Sadly it loads the HUGE quarantine page first, but whatevs. 


Does reddit think this will actually make us rethink anything? Fuck they are retarded.
Can't even visit on mobile, if you manually come here on the app via a deeplink it just redirects you back to home
T\_D has been impossible to find on Google for a LONG time. Now cannot even be found on Reddit itself. Right now, the only way I could find it at all is using DuckDuckGo.
Admins are most certainly engaging in targeted harassment of the_donald and its users.
This would be useful if there were any method to demonstrate that Reddit was unfairly applying any standards to The_Donand that it was not applying to other groups, not that I think it wouldn't fall on deaf ears anyway.

But what I'm getting at is can we prove that the same violent threats that they claim are being not reported, not removed and upvoted here on T_D are also being made and not reported, not removed and upvoted elsewhere?  If so then by all means we need to point that out.

About the best we can do is show what is in the screen cop in the sticky that the removed posts are not that high in number and who was removing them, also that mods are more closely watching T_D than other subs.
Hahahaha.  That’ll show em.
This is foreign interference in an election! Chinagate
Google got caught with their hand in the cookie jar. And instead of apologizing they said fuck it, and went all in to eat every cookie.
I wouldn't say China owns "a lot" of Reddit. Altogether it's still a minority of the shares
> Ever since Google got busted 

The far bigger issue was the protests in Hong Kong and the G20 trade summit in Japan. 

These Chinese are panicking.

Even their ally Iran is playing ball.

This trade war is everything right now.

Trump is gonna cripple the Chinese Communist party.
Obama sold the internet to not-America.
It's not going to be America much longer if things keep up this way.
I went there for the first time earlier and went to their “all”, they absolutely hate us there!
Except I had to press like 4 buttons before the app let me actually scroll through the subreddit
Welcome to the right side of life! I was a Democrat for 25 years; as soon as they put the traitor named John Kerry up as a presidential nominee I knew that the Democrats are not for me anymore.
**\#WalkAway** is real. Welcome.

No more gold for reddit. Don't give them any money till this is fixed. If even then.
Do people in general not get pretty much instantly banned from this sub for contrarian comments?
To be far, that has gotta be one of the best anthems ever. Hearing the red army choir singing it is pretty good.
[removed]
I mean, it was already sealed, but this just sealed it harder.
You: “This just sealed my vote”

Also you: “dont want to end up in a 'concentration camp'? go somewhere else.”

I’m sure you’re on the fence with your beliefs.
People act irrationally when they are afraid. The tech companies see the writing on the wall and know they are ducked. Thus they are acting as insane as the MSM; this will push the centrists to the right just as it always has. Telling Americans what they can and cannot do never ends well. Particularly when it comes to freedom of speech. The silent majority once again will not be pleased with the lefts fascist tactics...
Not a chance.
The worst thing you can do is give your political opponents no way to discuss.

Diplomacy is words rather than swords. Take away all the words and only one thing is left. Everyone wants to avoid that if they have half a brain.
I would seriously put my life on the line defending our freedom.
so long as we keep the 2nd we will always have the 1st.
For the rest of the day I will be reporting violent comments in the leftist subreddits. It will likely break my mouse but will be worth it in the end...
Hopefully far enough!
Voat
I disagree with most of Trump's policies and believe he weakens our international standing.  His bluster is easy to see though and our allies are now wary of us. 


If this comment is still here in 24 hours, you might have a point.
Me too. I remember the day he was elected as if it were yesterday – I was shell-shocked and couldn't believe it was actually happening. Fast forward two years and the Dems have gone absolutely insane. I supported the Democrats as recent as the 2018 elections. Never imagined I'd be voting for Trump but there you go.
And in eight years when the current set of infants at the keyboard at tech giants come up against ageism bias, and get pushed out, a new crop of activist wunderkids will reject all the activism they fought so hard for and push activism in a new direction. The cycle of circular firing repeats.
FYI...

Trump is the first PRO-America president since Ronald Reagan...and why the DNC/CPUSA/Media hates him (and us) so much.

It's not rocket science...
I'm on the same boat.
You do realize this sub is for fans of Trump and is considered a 24/7 rally in support of him? Why join if not a fan?
voat
How about "Quorumteen"?
Yup. No section 230 protections, should someone sue...
Welcome, patriot!!  🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
They did it prior to banning other subreddits, it's their shitty way. I've seen it play out several times. Their next trick is to send even more shills here to post stuff that's against the rules, and say "Well, we tried" and just delete the sub and EVERY SINGLE POST EVER MADE HERE. They won't even show up in your history.
it makes it harder for people to view they have to be logged in with a verified email and subbed they then have to agree to view, basically discourages new users and is the next step to a complete ban
It's like a PIP before getting fired - it's a formality before banning

They make up some 1984 ministry of truth shit about how you failed to comply after being warned, and then they ban

As what it means right now, it means you can't hit it from mobile, and if you notice the css is all disabled - all the fancy banner and everything else the mods put it on is all gone

And leftists everywhere are frothing and cheering over reddit finally banning the "evil" T_D
They don't want our high energy memes and posts to attract people to the winning team
It's the same tactic that Youtube uses when you search for Barack Obama and it has the Wikipedia article underneath the video saying he was born in Hawaii.  

Or when Twitter makes you click the "view" button for "inappropriate content".   

It's meant to discourage people from seeing something.  I'd be willing to bet most normies don't click "view" when Twitter scares them like that.  Same deal.
That’s it.
Quarantine is censorship. Notice how liberal subs like chaposhithouse which call for violence aren't quarantined or banned
It's a way of making a subreddit officially controversial so that they can ban it 2-3 months down the road for being controversial.
its just one step closer to completely banning our sub
It'd be great if a mod could sticky a post about where we should all move on to from here.  There's been a couple other sites mentioned (Gab, Parler, and another that I can't recall), but it'd be great if all of T_D could get on the same page and move to the same place.
/pol/ hasn't gone anywhere
45K users here at the moment.. I don't recall it ever being that high?
[removed]
they had to be fake.
Who cares tbh. Do something to the individuals, not the other 750k members.
No, they're just literally dumb and can't form opinions for themselves, so they just believe the bullshit truths fed to them by the MSM since 2016.

Morons the lot of them...
We were ALREADY off /r/all. They put special rules in place that applied ONLY to this subreddit. We need Trump to take action on enforcing the first amendment. This is fucking bullshit. We live in america, not communist fucking China.
Me too. Got no reason to stay. Why post at a site where they hate the right wing? 

Fuck reddit.
That’s why we ban everyone who disagrees.  Oh wait no, that’s the_donald.
https://www.newsbusters.org/blogs/techwatch/corinne-weaver/2019/02/07/chinese-censorship-company-invests-millions-reddit
It's just human nature. When authority marks a place as 'FORBIDDEN', that just makes it all the more intriguing; Hence the Streisand effect.
Lol, I just checked out voat the donald.. It's an insanely racist homophobic crazy town.
Yes they are.
Communism cannot exist without fascism. No free country would willingly accept communism once they begin to feel its effects.
They're Bolshevists plain and simple.
Respectable, thank you.
No gold for anyone. Check.
T\_D pretty much bans ppl that go against what they want the narrative to be so isn't that shutting down free speech too? If discourse is what you're after in this community, I don't know if you'll be able to find it when the standard operating procedure is banning someone with an unpopular opinion (shutting down free speech). 

&#x200B;

Don't get me wrong, I know full and damn well that Reddit is full of left wing subs that also shut down free speech when it comes to someone with a differing opinion, but you're sticking your own head in the sand if you think that this sub is some kind of bastion of open and civil discourse. I'm actually legitimately curious if I'll be banned just for daring to say this. What disturbing times we live in.
Leave reddit. Never give them money. Backpage-of-the-internet them.
I'm only aware of Gab and Discord.
What would happen to me on this sub if I posted: Trump is a racist, fat, orange asshole?
That’s because the deep state billionaires are all pedos, look at Charles Epstein’s pedo island, his fake trial, his bs non conviction, and all the politicians + billionaires that visited his kid touching island.  These tech companies are filled with nerds that can only get attention from veritas undercover journalists setting them up or the children these tech nerds prey upon.  Guess they figure kids aren’t conservative journalists, so they go for the low hanging fruit.  Tech executive nerds love touching kids.
libtards never go out of their parents basements though.
Exactly.  It’s the deep state.  These websites are paid for by our tax payer dollars through federal subsidizes (Google + Facebook were funded by iqt.org, ie the c I a ) and are providing the int com deep state cronies with our information illegally.  They will never be broken up or shut down.  The only thing to do is move out of country and start a platform that puts them out of business.  We can bankrupt Google and Facebook, it’s not impossible.  Facebook has lost over half its users in the past 10 years and even more to the point 2/3 of the younger generation.  No one trusts google either, and their censorship is only screwing them worse.  Even independents and moderate Democrats are now pissed at the censorship.  The only way to regulate them though is to bankrupt them.  No politician is going to do it for us, it will never happen.  Politicians are just pole sucking cowards and self centered opportunistic traitors.  Not even the president, who has publicly said he knows about the censorship against conservatives and Googles attempt to screw with the last/next election, is going after them.  He said he will “look into it” and Congress holds its nonsense fake hearings, but nothing gets done.  The deep state has control over the country.  All Donald is doing is slowing the death of America.  When they finally fix the 2020 election and he looses, the country is done.  People need to stop the patriotic bs rhetoric and wake up.  Not even the president is/can stop this, in fact look at his Raytheon lobbyist pick that’s now replacing the Boeing lobbyist.  Pompeo is a lobbyist slob for the def com and Bolton is a self proclaimed “Christian Zionist” (I’m non religious although raised catholic, and there were never “catholic Zionists” back then as again it’s a fucking oxymoron) lunatic that thinks “rapture is upon us and when it happens god is coming to save the Jews by converting them to Christianity (HIS WORDS)”.  These are the people trump thinks best represent the US.  Fucking lobbyists and Zionist rapture pushing lunatics.  Ironically, Hillary would have been 10x worse.  America is fucked.  It’s over people.  Trump isn’t draining the swamp, he’s making it worse, abet not any worse than Hillary would have been.  It’s a fucking shell game.  This rep vs dem thing is like coke vs Pepsi, or Yankees vs red socks.  It’s all noise t keep people from looking at what both sides have done to turn the US into a deep state run fucking shit hole country.  Wake up.  We all know what’s coming if we want our country back; it’s now inevitable.  Too bad Americans are now too fat and lazy to actually get it done, which is exactly what they wanted.  I can’t wait to get the fuck out.
We could use some collusion just now. Run it by Mueller.
Shut down everything I don't agree with > every but hurt cry baby liberal
Live. Leave and diminish reddit. Get elected to public office. Sick anti-trust lawyers on tech giants. Rid US law of the scurge of "section 230 immunity". Pray once or twice. Have babies to replace the outgoing steriles. Repeat.
Gab? Voat?
4chan, you can say anything you want there
And yet anyone with an dissenting opinion of Trump gets banned here, amirite? Ya bunch of hypocritical fucks.
And yet the Blue Wave happened. 

Delusional cultists.
Well, authoritarian, not fascist. Those words aren't interchangable.
The sub is completely removed from the mobile app, front page, and favorites.  They are forcing users to log in via browser thus they are making it as difficult to access as possible before they scrap it like the cucks they are.  The quarantine also prevents sharing of Reddit gold and silver amongst members, effectively limited members from rewarding each other.  Thanks spez!

Basically they are literally shadow banning the sub

Spez Edit - restated the “demonetize” comment.  I apologize for the confusion.
We see this extra screen that makes us feel even more like the cool table at lunch in school
I believe you can't search for td and have to follow a link from elsewhere to access.  At least until you opt in to view the content
The persecution is permanent. This is just it's current form.
It's nice to be thought of.
[removed]
When big brother decides what’s best for you, comrade.
Voat/qrv 

Won’t be long before this sub is banned, this was expected.
Dumb fuck
Says the actual fascist... 

Loser.
thoughts & prayers indeed
As it should be, but without the leftie preload.
\_token\_pieceofshit
Comments like this.
The internet is controlled by a small number of powerful monopolies and oligopolies, almost all of which censor conservatives.

We actually need a government takeover of all of these companies, because then they'd be required to respect people's First Amendment rights.

So ironically, if we had communism, our rights would be better protected.
Wait, weren't you the ones to cry at the sky?
Thanks, actual fascist. 

You’d be right at home in 1930s Germany!
Says the pussy
No thank you
No just no.
You are the reason for Trump to exist...
Unless it's a bakery
*Platform*. If they become the editors, then *publisher*.

> Goodbye Section 230 protections...
Says the actual fascist...


Seems the only hate is coming from you fedora wearing wannabes.
Ironic.
A publisher is revealed: liable for ALL their published content...
Translation: “REEEEEEEEEE!”
Another faggot
they will quarantine yours to you're foolish if you think you're free from it too, it's going to be everyone. I know you have a fixation and a massive erection of hatred but this is bad for everyone, it's bad for free speech.
If you mean the Devil... then yeah.
Damn the left really loves censorship

* Lol he deleted the comment, and yes I assumed his gender
this is very violent, you should be quarantined
Lol, we don't care, fool.

You think banning us will save you in 2020?

Hahaha. You're terrified and you should be.

You will reap what you sow.
stonetear?
It is for you
You're brainwashed.
Hi
No. There's other violating subs and explicit cop hating subs that aren't Q'd. If you weren't aware, this sub was already banned from front page/etc in 2016. Reddit hates Trump and hates this sub.
> Isnt reddit a product of capitalism and this is a response to rules created with ~~consumerism~~ advertisers in mind?
Seems like they're winning, not like there has been death spasms. They got a special prosecutor and wasted two years of time. They got the house. They are banning voices on Facebook, Twitter, Reddit. Everyone talks about "wait for it" but I want to know ... Where exactly do you see the left dieing? Where are we winning?
The "violent" comments and posts are always either removed or downvoted to hell.  This is all part of MSM and big tech's response to Project Veritas' google expose, plain and simple.  It's happening everywhere now.
Chapos want to kill/rape cops/kids and they survive.
Let’s be honest, they banned us because of the shit posting and memes. They can’t handle getting their asses handed to them in the war of ideas so they resort to censorship, character assassination, and when all else fails violence. Reddit is starting this chain of events to make us all feel financially and physically threatened. They are literally giving a platform to violent thugs to threaten us because they are on the side of the violent thugs.
Welcome friendo!
This is your type of beef!
Same here. I run our local Republican Party facebook and have found dozens of hilarious memes to showcase the negativity of the left and try to connect in a fun way with potential local members and voters.  
I hardly ever post but I cannot sit by and watch an attack on one of my favorite lurks anymore. Time to get active.
We need to fight this bullshit.
Honk honk
We love and get along with everybody!
Here's some secret info for the new people. People reading this, feel free copying and pasting this in various posts to spread. Send it to liberals your arguing with online and friends and family in real life, and maybe they will come around, maybe not immediately, but will cause them to think, and eventually they will come around. This is where all this Leftist cray comes from:

In the early 1900s, a group at the Frankfurt School developed Critical Theory to convert the West to Communism

Basically, the Frankfurt School plan was to undermine the Judaeo-Christian legacy. They called for the most negative destructive criticism possible of every sphere of life to de-stabilize society and destroy what they saw as the 'oppressive' order. 

They hoped their policies would spread like a virus--'continuing the work of the Western Marxists by other means' as one of their members noted.

To further the advance of their 'quiet' cultural revolution - but giving us no idea about their plans for the future - the School recommended (among other things):

 1. The creation of racism offences.

 2. Continual change to create confusion

 3. The teaching of sex and homosexuality to children

 4. The undermining of schools' and teachers' authority

 5. Huge immigration to destroy identity.

 6. The promotion of excessive drinking

 7. Emptying of churches

 8. An unreliable legal system with bias against victims of crime

 9. Creating dependency on the state or state benefits

 10. Control and dumbing down of media

 11. Encouraging the breakdown of the family

One of the main ideas of the Frankfurt School was to exploit Freud's idea of 'pansexualism' - the search for pleasure, the exploitation of the differences between the sexes, the overthrowing of traditional relationships between men and women. To further their aims they would:

*attack the authority of the father, deny the specific roles of father and mother, and wrest away from families their rights as primary educators of their children.

*abolish differences in the education of boys and girls

*abolish all forms of male dominance - hence the presence of women in the armed forces

*declare women to be an 'oppressed class' and men oppressors 

Following Adolf Hitler's rise to power in 1933, the Institute left Germany for Geneva, before moving to New York City in 1935, where it became affiliated with Columbia University.
Welcome friendo. MAGA
did the exact same thing. fuck reddit
Get this pede a coat
Welcome!
Your account is four hours old...
They banned frenworld too! They just hate the friendliness!

>This has always been one of the friendliest subs on reddit.

What? Then you haven't used reddit a lot. Especially now, considering this sub is full of hate against the platform.
>This has always been one of the friendliest subs on reddit.

What world are you living in?
Found the mad cow...
Welcome, you will like it here.  All kinds of people with common sense.
Same.  Just joined because I don't like censorship.  Going to get everyone I know to join too.
T_D is also good as a general sounding board for critiques of the authoritarian left. Which unless I'm mistaken is the *real* reason it's been quarantined.

Probably you could filter out posts containing GEOTUS and Trump and it would read more like SocialJusticeInAction, but some of the juiciest gaffes of the authoritarian Left are induced by Trump's presence on the continent, so there's that.

In any case, welcome aboard.
That's why a lot of us like him. Tho I'm very pleased with what he's accomplishing as President as well beyond just pissing off the left :)
Read it while you can, they're going full Nazi Germany on us, and the sub will be erased by them.
Welcome to the "you post on T_d"  club.  Let us know when you get your first badge of honor posting anything on any other subreddit.
That's how I got here 3 years ago
Welcome, you don't necessarily have to love trump here as long as you're generally on our side of the culture war and against the communist left.
[removed]
Red Velvet Rope effect.
Been Saying that for a While now. With the Project Veritas Piece on Google the time of reckoning is upon us. The Truth Will Set You Free
Ya but it fades quick, Alex Jones got a big bump too, but faded out
No. Stop with the stupid cope. This is censorship and it works.
Just though of that.You beat me to it. Barbara  Streisand said to a photographer not to snapshot her house, and in effect incited many photos by many photographers of her house. Go figure.
Yep, I never go on these usually (political subs) but thought I would come here to see what the hubbub was about
This is our "Parental Advisory: Explicit Content" badge. Wear it with pride, because the kids will know it's where to go for the good stuff!
Come to spite them - stay because you find out its some of the most thoughtful and hilarious content on the Internet.
Welcome, friend
Here's some secret info for the new people. People reading this, feel free copying and pasting this in various posts to spread. Send it to liberals your arguing with online and friends and family in real life, and maybe they will come around, maybe not immediately, but will cause them to think, and eventually they will come around. This is where all this Leftist cray comes from:

In the early 1900s, a group at the Frankfurt School developed Critical Theory to convert the West to Communism

Basically, the Frankfurt School plan was to undermine the legacy of Western Civilisation. They called for the most negative destructive criticism possible of every sphere of life to de-stabilize society and destroy what they saw as the 'oppressive' order.

They hoped their policies would spread like a virus--'continuing the work of the Western Marxists by other means' as one of their members noted.

To further the advance of their 'quiet' cultural revolution - but giving us no idea about their plans for the future - the School recommended (among other things):

1. The creation of racism offences.
2. Continual change to create confusion
3. The teaching of sex and homosexuality to children
4. The undermining of schools' and teachers' authority
5. Huge immigration to destroy identity.
6. The promotion of excessive drinking
7. Emptying of churches
8. An unreliable legal system with bias against victims of crime
9. Creating dependency on the state or state benefits
10. Control and dumbing down of media
11. Encouraging the breakdown of the family

One of the main ideas of the Frankfurt School was to exploit Freud's idea of 'pansexualism' - the search for pleasure, the exploitation of the differences between the sexes, the overthrowing of traditional relationships between men and women. To further their aims they would:

\*attack the authority of the father, deny the specific roles of father and mother, and wrest away from families their rights as primary educators of their children.

\*abolish differences in the education of boys and girls

\*abolish all forms of male dominance - hence the presence of women in the armed forces

\*declare women to be an 'oppressed class' and men oppressors

Following Adolf Hitler's rise to power in 1933, the Institute left Germany for Geneva, before moving to New York City in 1935, where it became affiliated with Columbia University.
This.  The main reason I’m browsing this thread right now is to see where (if?) there’s a back.

Fuck Reddit, in a completely non-violent manner.
> This sub needs to BLOW UP

Careful...
NO BRAKES!
[removed]
watch out for agent provocateurs as well as they are intent on banning us outright. anything that breaks sub rules should be reported asap.
They know, but the left are determined to go down with the ship.
I solved that by going to DDG and logging in manually and approving it. It cleared up my app issue but now it still gives me a warning every time I exit a thread, just a heads up.
I wouldn't use the app since I wouldn't trust what's being shared.
I've been on reddit for ten years now and this will be the final straw, if T-D goes, then I'm going too, and not coming back. Fuck Reddit.
I heard about it on Twitter you moron
There are already 4+ news articles about it.
I'm sure if you spend some time here you'll realize this is just a bunch of normal people. Or what used to be considered normal...
I should have clarified that I was not a subscriber then. I do not visit this subreddit and havent since I last posted which I did not remember doing, it might have been in r/all at the time
Succinctly stated, nice. While I didnt visit here I'm aware of the plague inhabiting our institutions, I will share this thank you
They installed a fucking pedo on Cringe Anarchy before banning the sub.
[removed]
If it's not removed by the CSS, it should be directly below the user comment, to the left of "reply".
Unsubscribe then resubscribe. It will once again show up in your feed.
Not if trump gets elected again!
againstthehatesubreddits are full of nothing but hate for what 'THEY' disapprove of. total irony lol
The_Donald is a love subreddit...
😂😂😂 “Theyre banning me, a hateful cunt, but not those guys, people who don’t like hateful cunts?!?! So hypocritical!!!” You’re all fucking morons.
**Maybe train a flock of carrier pigeons?**
Encourage you to use Brave.   Brenden Eich was driven out of Firefox for supporting conservative values, and he started a vastly superior browser that also contains a solution to Google's ad monopoly.  Excellent on Desktop and Mobile.  [https://brave.com/](https://brave.com/)  


Natively blocks all ads.
This sub is a fan page. It's never hidden that or pretended otherwise. If you went to a Chicago Cubs sub and started trashing them and their fans, you'd get banned.
Go Navy, shipmate!
Have a nice stay.
You are fascinating to talk to.
I see what you did there
This deserves a meme of its own
*Blinks one eye*
Let's face it, Biden supporters aren't cool enough to be quarantined
*THE SICKNESS!* That's awesome.
We may not agree, but it’s nice to meet opposition with some principles, it’s getting rare these days.
###I DONT AGREE WITH YOU BUT I WELCOME YOU HERE

###THAT’s THE MAGA WAY
I'm not a fan of the man, but he's making good choices.
Make a post about what you don't like about his policies.  Perhaps if you listen to an explanation from someone who agrees with policies, maybe you'll understand them and not hate Trump over it (I'm not saying you have to agree with the policies).

If you hear about his ME politics from CNN/NBC/other large media outlets (not saying you do) just be aware that they purposefully editorialize their presentation to influence you to hate him.
See, not everyone that opposes trump is a flaming leftist communist
welcome aboard fresh pede
His Middle East politics? Which are what in your view?
Its spirit lives on by unwoking NPCs. ;)
Those were oops-toes in the td-water; I didn't know yet if I wanted your dulcet tones in my feed. There're a few posts before that too, if memory serves. I pressed join today: *the quarantine made the difference*; I have [the requisite sickness](https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/c5s84b/its_happened_we_are_now_quarantined_communist/es481i5/).
Same, This is home till the ban. then i will have to see where the subreddit goes to. 

Will always be a The_Donald follower!
Well that makes you a bigot, and a committer of thought-crime.


Have fun in the reeducation camp you nazi.
> That is the single most important aspect of a democratic republic that allows it to function : free speech.

This can't be said enough, and it's depressing to see how self-proclaimed progressives have done a complete 180 on the issue.  When I was growing up, it was the conservative Christians who wanted to censor everything.  They didn't have facts or logic on their side, so they just cried and wailed until whatever they were offended by got shut down.  Now the left is doing the same thing, for the same reasons.

I disagree with Trump on probably 75 - 80% of the issues, but I'll probably end up voting for him.  Free speech is just that important.
Agreed
Correct. It **was** here: http://wh.gov/techbias
[removed]
[removed]
The government is stopping your right to assembly?
They got a special deal which gives them protection, so long as they don’t censor impartially. This makes them immune from lawsuits, or other action. I forget the statute, but they’ve violated that and should lose the protected status making them a publisher, not a platform
This post looks awfully familiar :))
Should we from Texas to fill that out , or doesn't matter?
Uh, you know that right to free association is from the government stopping it, not from a company doing so, right?
His paranoia is completely justified all along. He saw the horrors of big tech and the new National Socialist regime of America before most of us.
Alex Jones said it was staged by Republcan's and hired actors
Your comment was automatically removed because you directly linked to an outside subreddit or other user. This rule was put in place by Reddit admins because they don't want our users "interfering" in other communities.  Moderators will review for approval

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/The_Donald) if you have any questions or concerns.*
i don't trust anything from wiki because it's a cuck fest like all the rest. china may not technically "own" reddit, but it is true that they recently invested hundreds of millions of dollars. so you can call it whatever you want, but the red chinese are definitely in control here.
\*checks "Early Life" section*

Yep, thought so.
#WRONG

https://www.newsbusters.org/blogs/techwatch/corinne-weaver/2019/02/07/chinese-censorship-company-invests-millions-reddit
Democrats (China) vs. America
The democrats will bend over for Russia too.
This is about the g20 trade talks going on in Japan. 

They want to hijack the narrative so Trump isn't getting credited for fighting the trade war.

Trump is about to cripple the Chinese communist and they are shitting their pants.
Touché
No, work computer.
I know but it was removed from my subscriptions bar. I can’t favorite things at work. I’m the Network Admin and we all operate on terminals that reset to default settings when you log out. Only AskTheDonald remained.
Admin chat logs have been released admiting to censorship and lower our up doots
That's voat's way of weeding out the pantywastes.  Put on your big boy boots if you go over there because it ain't no place for soyboy beta cucks.
What repoman said is the truth, as long as you don't bitch about people pointing out facts about jews and using slurs, you'll fit right in. Places like /v/greatawakening isn't nearly as offputting as the general population either.
F
Right, because kicking out one asshole for repeated bad behavior is equivalent to banning an entire community of people...../s
Not even close to the same thing.  Those people still free to say whatever they want.  Trump just doesn't give them first hand access to information. 

&#x200B;

Do you listen to yourself?  Trump banning specific antagonistic journalists from the white house is the same as the stalinist soviet union, where being a dissenter got you shipped off to a gulag to die?
Are you talking about Acosta?

If you are you may want to watch the clips where he physically prevents the white house aide from taking the mic from him.

If you are talking about someone else, share the knowledge with sources.
Was Jim Acosta finally banned? What he did to that woman was disgraceful.
You are aware that democrats are litterally smearing anyone right of Marx as Nazi, running literal socialist vermin like ocasia, pushed a fake conspiracy against a real president, and censor anyone right of Marx? But that's okay with you because "liberals should be allowed to anything they want!"

Fuck off to Venezuela communist vermin
oh, and skulls for the skull throne
Gonna fill in that box SO HARD
Depends on what's the other side of the door.
Voat has a serious white supremacy issue, you don’t another way for people to associate being right wing with being a nazi.
There are a lot of things that can be considered "pro-American." I would say that it would be very "pro-American" to not inflate the money supply and steal the wealth of American citizens. I would say it's "pro-American" to not start offensive wars in the Middle East that make young men have to fight and die to enrich energy companies and the military industrial complex. Some would call my views anti-American.
Because I view him as the much lesser of two evils. It is also a protest against internet censorship.

If Trump avoids starting an offensive war he'll do a lot to win me over. With Pompeo and Bolton whispering in his ear I can't really call myself a fan of his since I've always viewed war as one of the most important issues if not the most important.
If he is going to show support why not welcome him?
Come hear to show some support leave a Trump believer
I'd bet my house on this.
So what?

Don't act like any of this has any effect.

We are not propagandized. We support Trump because Trump is right. It's common sense. 

The left once again projects and thinks that we're like them, and the only reason we win is because of propaganda. Censorship of the left would be devastating, so they think it will also devastate us. 

It won't. Our movement cannot be silenced. It cannot be stopped. It's growing everyday and you don't need a meme to get red pilled.
> They won't even show up in your history.

This is critical.  This is why for those nimble pedes that make big lists and keep track of shit, you need to move your saved posts off-site NOW.  They will memory-hole everything.
Don't forget that they will appoint new mods to "help" moderate it first.
anyone know how to backup the subreddit. Past the 1000 post limit.
Exactly it's just a mid step to full ban. Now that we're quarantined they can ban us differently and most wouldn't even know it. Happened to watchpeopledie sub. Id give it a month or 2 before thati say "we warned you and you kept doing it"

Thing is, talking about politicians being harmed for treason (nothing inherently wrong talking about what would happen in our criminal justice system) is seen as valid if violence by reddit. They legitimately have different rules.
And yet we will prevail in 2020 regardless. They can not stop this movement. Every day more people are waking up. Imagine if the right was trying to silence other groups. It's sad.
Yep, reddit quarantines subreddits it intends to ban. I don't think there are any examples of reddit quarantining a subreddit and not banning it after a few weeks.
ChapoTrapHouse isn't liberal. You are liberal.
Yes yes yes! I hope the mods are on it!
They will 100% go after pol sooner or later.
That's insane.
It matters in terms of removing the block. If it was long-time members, then reddit will say it requires a ton of hoops to jump through for quarantine removal process. The_Donald moderators can ask for IP information on the "bad" users and see if they can be tied to IPs from users on other forums (plants.) Find out who they are and where they came from.
I saw this sub on /r/all all the time though?
we can at least use it a as a springboard/rally point to wherever we go next
It's certainly possible for them to be both fascists and communists; the two terms aren't necessarily mutually exclusive.
Dude are you saying communists are fascists? what the actual fuck, Hitler rose to fight them a Russian of all people should know the difference, the Soviets blamed Hitler for the massacre of Katyn then killed 100 million Russian Christians.

Fascism is not totalitarian that's a lie of the commies, America is a fascist republic, there are Fascia from Rome in the senate, ya know on capitoline hill, just like Rome.
[removed]
Well no, I would agree they'd probably be close to the menshaviks, but not Bolsheviks. Menshavkis were liberals who supported left leaning capitalism. Reddit still very much is desperate to make money.
When people go on other sites and bash the POTUS, we don't try to get their subs shut down. We don't like what they're posting but we don't try to stop them because we understand what "freedom of speech" actually means.

&#x200B;

When people go on The\_Donald and strongly support the POTUS, users from other subs do everything possible to silence us and shut us down. 

&#x200B;

Big difference.
Voat also.
It’s funny I posted that and it automatically removed the c I a (if I write the acronym as one word it deletes it, no kidding I just tried again.  But keep in mind I frequently piss them off calling them on their bs publicly on SN with @ (ie I know they get the message) so none of this will probably make it to an actual audience, only their fake man in the middle servers.
Gab is the most likely. But how to get the masses to move is another battle.
Yeah, failed to take the Senate. Barely managed to take the house.
Blue wave?  LOL....  no different than any other mid-term between the parties.
Ohh k, thank you for dumbing it down for me! I didn't know the sub was monetized in the first place.
Cool table works for me. After all...

[I spit in the face of people who don't want to be cool.](https://i.imgur.com/ZCOmRvo.png)
Well said.
No one gets banned from this sub simply for being a leftist. A user only gets banned for breaking the rules as stated. "Being a leftist" is not grounds for banning. We have plenty here who say that's what they are.
What you commented I. Has been removed I say leave. We all know how dumb it is. I feel ad for these people that want censorship
[removed]
[removed]
LOL we finally gottem boys, thanks Satan and Santa.
What did he say?
You say that like something worse than an election is happening that year. Terrified? Really? Get over yourself.
I give people credit, when all is said and done, a majority of the people cannot be fooled a majority of the time.  No matter how dumbed down the population has become (and that it certainly has with all the mass media being fed to the masses), I have to believe that most people have not become the chair-addled nitwits seen in Wall-E just quite yet.

Somewhere, somehow people have got to be aware of how they're being played as fools.  And when that happens, I've got to believe that they'll be outraged and insulted to the point of action.

I mean, did most people really think that Trump could win in 2016?  There was such a disgust at what was spoon-fed to people for so long, that it was nothing short of a miracle that an anti-establishment figure like Trump could even get to where he has at all.  So I just simply say, that if it could at least happen once in such a monumental way, that it can happen again.  People have to be waking up to all the bullshit being pushed, and hopefully that will result in a flushing of all the rancid things that are present in the culture and politics at the moment.  One can hope.
I had no idea this sub was quarantined til I tried click on it on my phone and was not allowed in due to the quarantine even though I already follow it. I told my girl the same thing you just said.

&#x200B;

1. Project Veritas exposes Google
2. TD spreads it like wildfire
3. TD gets quarantined to put out the fire

&#x200B;

We have gotten under their skin.
And many of the violent comments are from leftist plants trying to get us shut down. They've been doing it for years.
Yeah, literally **755,000 members**, and they removed **9 comments** about the Oregon situation, and now we're in quarantine.

Those nine individuals represent **0.00119%** of the community.

Edit: 9 comments stat taken from [https://magaimg.net/img/8ax3.png](https://magaimg.net/img/8ax3.png), shared by shadowman3001 (a mod here), in a post that has since been deleted. I wasn't able to find a mirror of that post, but I was able to find a mirror of a crosspost that has the full text of that post in it:  [https://archive.fo/nilU8](https://archive.fo/nilU8)
ChapoTrapHouse people would neeeeeeeever make sock accounts to get The\_Donald closed.  Nope.  They would neeeeeever do such a thing.  They're GOOD boys who go to GOOD BOY camp who dindu nuuuuuuffin.
“When they can't win a debate (can they ever?), leftists deploy what the late novelist/philosopher Ayn Rand called the argument from intimidation. Instead of trying to refute the other side, they label their opponents' position evil, attribute sinister motives to its adherents, and charge that its proponents are encouraging violence.”


Don Feder
Agreed.   I got popped by mods for concern trolling a while back because I was arguing with people who had posts that seemed pretty fucking racist / suggesting violence against certain people based on demographic was acceptable...    it was during a big wave of shill posting though and eventually my temp ban was reversed   Since then i haven't even SEEN a post that i felt the need to call out for living up to the bullshit stereotype that has been used as an excuse to quarantine the sub.     The mods do an amazing job of shutting that shit down while also combating concern trolling....  

but this was a coordinated strike...  

I'd love to see a record of how many posts were actually calling for violence and how many of those users actually have regular posting histories here.  

It's amazing that every leftist on reddit holds our posting histories against us in other subs but the minute some shill account posts bullshit and gets highlighted the hypocrites seem suspiciously unable to look at post histories...
Weren't downvote buttons removed though? We couldn't downvote unless on mobile
Veritas link, for the uninformed:  


[https://www.projectveritas.com/video/insider-blows-whistle-exec-reveals-google-plan-to-prevent-trump-situation-in-2020-on-hidden-cam/](https://www.projectveritas.com/video/insider-blows-whistle-exec-reveals-google-plan-to-prevent-trump-situation-in-2020-on-hidden-cam/)

[https://gohmert.house.gov/news/documentsingle.aspx?DocumentID=399712](https://gohmert.house.gov/news/documentsingle.aspx?DocumentID=399712)
Notice how the "violent" posts reported in news and screenshots always share these characteristics:

1. Almost no upvotes/downvotes.

2. Never older than a few minutes.

Every time.
>The "violent" comments and posts are always either removed or downvoted to hell

There are literally posts in the admin chat log thread on the front page of this sub that call for the “enemies” being obliterated that have been upvoted hundreds of times
Not only that, they’re made by people blatantly trying to get T_D removed.
First night of Democrat debates possible reason for the quarantine too.
Dude i got banned for saying i couldn't afford my dad's cancer treatment when trump tried to cancel Obamacare. This sub isn't so nice dude
[DEAR REDDIT ADMINS: IF THE_DONALD IS A PUBLISHER THEN REDDIT.COM IS AS WELL -- REMOVE THE QUARANTINE IMMEDIATELY \(long post inside\)](https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/c5unr8/dear_reddit_admins_if_the_donald_is_a_publisher/)
T_D gonna mock their debates like in 2015-2016.
[removed]
This comment is everything
Welcome all
Fresh, not like dem beef, chucked into a van.
Thanks. Common sense sounds like what I'm after!
Common Sense like T. Paine!
[removed]
Generally speaking, we are just a collection of conservatives, libertarians, and classical liberals that love America and want what is best for its citizens.

We love memes and have a damn good sense of humor.

That last part is something that the lefties just simply refuse to recognize.

Everything is literal to them because, as a bunch of Marxists, it makes it easier to take things out of context and use it as a weapon against their political opponents.
We WELCOME you!
Pleased to be here. Thanks for the reply!
And your first "You need to die in a fire, Nazi scum, and so do your children, pets and anyone who agrees with you" love message. It's a rite of passage, unfortunately.
liberals != the left

If you are an honest-to-god liberal, aka the one born from the word "liberty," you would be voting Libertarian or Republican. Today's left is not liberal, not in the slightest.
I like that one.
> The Truth Will Set You Free

Unless you're a liberal in which case the it burns like the STDs they are more likely to carry.
link for those who haven't seen it:  


[https://www.projectveritas.com/video/insider-blows-whistle-exec-reveals-google-plan-to-prevent-trump-situation-in-2020-on-hidden-cam/](https://www.projectveritas.com/video/insider-blows-whistle-exec-reveals-google-plan-to-prevent-trump-situation-in-2020-on-hidden-cam/)

[https://gohmert.house.gov/news/documentsingle.aspx?DocumentID=399712](https://gohmert.house.gov/news/documentsingle.aspx?DocumentID=399712)
The slight difference is that Jones was completely removed from his normal points of access.  Here people can still get and subscribe to The_Donald.  You are right, many that take an interest will fade away, but I don't know if those that fade will a majority or minority of the bump.
Your comment was automatically removed because you linked to an anti-Trump domain. Please use archive.is for this website so we do not give them any undeserved traffic.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/The_Donald) if you have any questions or concerns.*
You're right, I hadn't see that this was trending, nor did I even expect it to. I own my mistake and apologize!
Clinton's are better friends. Trump's case was thrown out for lack of evidence. The left has a history of false rape accusations.
nah sadly its a matter or weeks, so long brothers
[removed]
Everyone is a hateful cunt. T_D hates criminals and illegal aliens. The rest of Reddit hates white people, Christianity, and western civilization.

It's just that, for you, some hate is more equal than others.
[removed]
Cannot upvote this comment enough. it has been a breath of fresh air since i installed brave a few weeks ago. Now it is the only browser i will use. period.
This sub doesn't ban for trashing Trump and being a ridiculous SJW though, it bans for anything that goes against any current narrative on here. Remember when Trump mentioned taking away guns? This sub's always been really pro-second amendment, but anyone who said they didn't like what Trump said, banned. 

I'm pretty economically right-wing. I'm a capitalist. I'm socially right-wing on a fair few issues. I've been temp-banned here before. This sub's a banfest and it's pretty hypocritical IMO.

I'll get banned soon most likely but I guess that'll just prove my point.
Brownie points awarded.
Looks like someone didn't like us being accepting of differing viewpoints....
Is it though?
If you consider a community of incessant rambling man-children worth joining AFTER they’ve been publicly bitchslapped for it, you’re right where you belong.
Same. The left is pushing me to vote for someone I genuinely don't like.
Reddit should be allowed to do whatever they want to do ..... as long as they don’t use public telecommunication utilities.
> In all seriousness, it has not.

What is it when every big tech company in the US is colluding to close the public square to all conservatives?
Yes.  The internet is a public utility.  The internet could not exist without government takings and government controls.

If a person puts a road across their private property, if the public freely uses that private road (many states, for one year or more), that road becomes public domain.

The roads here are the physical telephone lines, which have been public property for well over 100 years.  No one uses social media who does not do it through the public property.

Allowing Reddit to restrict access to 750,000 subscribers (a telephone company term, by the way) is restricting their rights to use public electronic highways to assemble.
Yes. It matters, bigly.
In this new era of community via the internet, the rules of MUH PRIVATE COMPANIES are null. Reddit, Facebook, YouTube, etc all.. are nothing more than a public space. And should be considered nothing more or less than a virtual town square.
well, hopefully, whatever they do to fix it after making us all really angry about it for a few years doesn't screw everyone over because both sides just wanna get the other. which is probably what will happen. because most people will say 'nuh-uh.'
Just because you're paranoid, doesn't mean people aren't out to get you.
Alex and Joseph Mccarthy are Americans heroes.
Sandy Hook was also a hoax.
The Hong Kong thing has them rattled. As does DJT. So there's that.
It's a "cuck fest" means what, it isn't true? Bullshit.

*Advance Publishing still owns Reddit and its stock, even the guy in the above who is also trying to prove me wrong links an article proving what I'm saying:

https://www.newsbusters.org/blogs/techwatch/corinne-weaver/2019/02/07/chinese-censorship-company-invests-millions-reddit
Did you even read the article? It still says the same thing I'm saying. The difference is that TenCent has given $150M to the $300M fundraising goal.

Advance Publications still owns the majority of the stock, like I said.

#OOPSIEEEE
Ask Diane!
Crony controlled corruption vs Free Enterprise.
What? how does that even make sense? How is the democratic party an apparatus for "China"
They will bend over for anyone with money, they worship at the alter of greed, debt based economies unstable economies trending towards collapse, and fake money backed by piles of dog shit. Since NAFTA that has been China, they mastered the art of slave shops at maximum profit. They’ve got it down to a science, you can’t even commit suicide no matter how hard you try. It also doesn’t help that most leftist advocate for socially demented degeneracy such as adolescent “gender conversion” (child abuse) and other such twisted garage.
No excuses!
Enjoy unemployment.
Truck drivers have work computers?
If you go to t_d sub, there is only one post that’s stickied which links here. It is searchable also to make it easier
Do you have a link to that (not saying it's false, but it's always good to have evidence)
Your post history includes a salute to Joseph McCarthy who, as a senator, devoted his entire career to using smear tactics against anyone even remotely associated with the left.

It got so bad that fellow Republican senator Ralph Flanders from Vermont once called for his censure (though, this didn't come to fruition due to a lack of any consensus on the issue in the senate, but it did eventually when the senate voted 67-22 to "condemn" McCarthy).
I'mma take that pencil and shove it right up his Scantron bubble!
They already do, and quite frankly, I can ignore the posts. It's not that bad
Good grief...you are one screwed up leftist that has been indoctrinated with socialist propaganda.
The great Ronald Reagan accurately observed, "Leftists know so much...that isn't true."
If Bernie could get a chub from reading this, he would.
Don't act like the sub doesn't have any importance. I became a supporter through and because of this sub, because it opened my eyes. A lot of people are bluepilled and they just don't know it yet. The sub is more than just means, it's an aggregate of information hut rallies against the deep State machine. And whether or not you like to admit it, censorship does work. We need to face the fact, and Trump needs to step in and do something to prevent online censorship against conservatives. And I say this as a self-admitted Democrat.I support Trump, and my old party may be destroying itself, but they will do everything they can to destroy Trump. They are the little finger of this world, and they see chaos as the ladder.
I agree, but it’s hard to find real news anywhere else.
I give it a week to three months before this sub is banned. I've yet to see a quarantined sub come back.

And don't try to move to another sub. They'll just ban it for ban evasion. That means any pro-Trump sub after that will get an autoban within a few days, unless it languishes in complete obscurity.

There needs to be a mass exodus for us to preserve this community. Nothing else will work.
Beheading orange man good, because orange man bad. China #1
Cringe Anarchy was the only one I've ever seen last more than a month. Didn't they almost make it to three?
I'm not a liberal nor am I a leftist. Chaposhithouse meanwhile is the same thing as democrats currently
No. Voat is full of neo-Nazis and they have had YEARS to take care of that problem. Not going there. Choose a different alternative please.
I wasn't aware of that. I am talking about fascism as a synonym for totalitarianism, which most people seem to also use today.

Also I'm not Russian, the tag is just a joke.
I’m not sure what you’re trying to argue. I am not saying reddit isn’t run like a communist country. It is. I was just stating that communism and fascism go hand in hand, if you go by the contemporary definition of fascism.
Before 2018, the GOP owned the House for 8 years. Then it flipped Blue. Pretty good action for a party that is "dying".

I repeat, delusional cultists.
Let me restate, the sub itself is not monetized...  But there was a lot of reddit gold and silver exchanged in the sub and there is nothing wrong with that.  However,  the admin do not want users of the sub to have the ability to reward each other.

Again, I apologize for the confusion.
[removed]
I don’t speak gibberish. I’m an American. 

Take your whiny ass somewhere else.
Because of psychotics like yourself. If you could read, the sidebar lays out what people can and can't do here.

There are literally thousands of other subs for bashing Trump, this is the only one made for his supporters.

Cry somewhere else.

Spez: It's LITERALLY rule 6 :   Trump Supporters Only	This forum is for Trump supporters only. If you have questions about our president, our way of thinking or other discussion questions, post on r/AskThe_Donald, where we will gladly answer. This forum is NOT for that.
That's how I found out. I had messages and tried viewing them in RIF but it error'd out. After a few refreshes of the dom it allowed me to opt in.

Where our backup location?
First Dem debate tonight, too. Can’t have us meming Walking Eagle’s performance...
This is a hard blow to this sub. It can no longer be accessed on your phone until you unlock it on PC, and over a half of regular visitors only browse on mobile. Plus it's demonetized.
Google needs to be broken up. What we are seeing now is companies that have too much power abusing it for propaganda. Disband them and regulate them. They did it to themselves
I wouldn't doubt that.  I cant tell you the number of times I've gotten into it with someone on this sub over them making some dumbass racist or violent remarks and then stopped and checked the post history to see it's only a few days old and full of shithead comments on T_D.
like guys at protests with Nazi flags clearly just out of the box?
The fun of anonymous posting "Hello fellow caterpillars!".
[removed]
[removed]
This!
[removed]
You say that as if righty's don't do it. There are shills on both sides.
I have a fifty on those also being accounts that had never posted on td before.
On the bright side, that members number is going up now.
At least six million
That is some ridiculous bullshit right there. It's not beneath communist reddit though
Do we have any screenshots of the comments?
lol imagine saying this and hating minorities
In latin, "Argumentum a malleo interdicere"
Leftists are like that, though.  They'll go on and on about their politics and when you say anything that they disagree with they'll lose their minds.  

It's the entitlement of being a leftist in a culture where the media and "platforms" are all leftist owned and operated that they are free to say whatever they want and go off in hysterics when they hear something they don't agree with.
I find it hard to believe you got banned for that alone. If so, an overzealous mod.
That...  seems unlikely, but okay.
It was removed
See how sore your pussy gets when they ban soy lattes.
Subbed because I heard about the Quarantine.
Peep the ice cream Lambo.
Common sense? I heard 'calling for violence' and you're now reported for visiting a forum where someone may or may not have been accused of hating someone at one point. You definitely have dangerous levels of thinking differently.
Go home, who invited you?
If it doesnt fade they will kill it, no doubt. Big Tech Digital Genocide is upon us, pedes!
[deleted]
Cheers, I take back my insult. All the best
Bye troll.
No, it's because they're banning one subreddit for a violation break, while not enforcing the same rule to other subreddits breaching the same guideline. That's the hypocrisy.

But nah, I guess we're all just insane, huh?
Oh what a victim you are! You probably concern trolled and got banned, that's nothing to cry about. 

If you can't see the difference between trying to maintain a cohesive conservative forum on an overwhelmingly liberal website, and the systematic mass-censorship and de-platforming of an entire political ideology, then you need to get your head out of your ass. Whatever conservative places you do like and go to are next.
I've criticized Trump, conservatives, specific policies, etc, plenty often on this sub, and also don't even know the subs rules (making it easier to say something to get banned), and I've never once been banned. Pretty much don't say incredibly despicable things, clearly troll/brigade, totally bash trump (as it's a pro trump sub), or threaten violence, and you're good. The mods also do a pretty incredible job quickly removing any comments that do violate policies, but it's such a large sub that I'm sure plenty slip though (and even with slippage, you see far more policy violations on other major political subs, including the site's main political sub)
The mods have to be super consistent and strict with the rules, now more than ever, hope you understand.  You got upvoted so others know, but the rules are pretty clear.  Sorry it got canned, but your sentiment was well intentioned, and it’s nice to be able to disagree with each other and be amenable

:)
Does your neck itch?
Good thing ISPs are private corporations
>What is it when every big tech company in the US is colluding to close the public square to all conservatives?

I think that's called The Free Market.
[removed]
This isn’t a public square. It is privately owned. As for censorship, why do the mods here close the sub off from those who disagree with their opinions? This is so extremely hypocritical to whine about quarantining but ban people left and right from the sub.
What is it when your T_D "public square" bans anyone who makes a post with an alternate opinion? Is it really a public square? Your sub's mods run this place like a dictatorship and allow/encourage the breaking of reddit's rules, to the extreme. That's why this is happening. Of course this falls of deaf ears and you'll still believe it's a conspiracy.
Has that argument ever held up in the court of law especially since its not government agents doing the restricting?
Follow up on that, your metaphor breaks down unless you also insist that all the buildings that are connected by roads aka servers hosting the data are also owned by the government, and restricting access into them is a freedom of assembly issue.
Sorry, I meant to say if we aren't from Texas should we ? lol

Huge difference.
Okay, but the government isn't interfering, and Reddit is not a public utility. Even in a public space you don't have a right against companies doing stuff, just government agents.
Honestly I'm pretty well on this train. Something isn't right about it. The christmas trees they planted in memorial of the students killed were visible from some of the first news footage while the story was stil developing.
Fuck you I had family there, you piece of shit.
what *is true* is that red china has pumped hundreds and hundreds of *millions* of dollars in to Reddit recently. wiki is well known far-left soyboy cuck land, but you can believe whatever you like. the fact of the chinese money flowing to reddit (regardless of who is "officially" in ownership) is *100% fact and indisputable.*
You’re trolling right?
> How is the democratic party an apparatus for "China"

California based tech companies want to do business in China.

There is literally billions to be made. 

So they basically do whatever china wants, with the hope that their technology isn't stolen first.

i.e. absolute and total collusion with the Chinese communist party.

Even hollywood movies have to be written to appease the state censorship values of China.
LMAO at dogging truckers when they on average pull in far, far more money than those expensive liberal arts degrees and without the crushing debt. Yeah buddy...they're SO STUPID!!
No i couldnt find it, i updooted so much today and so much has been posted i lost it. The best i could find was admins talking about censoring the vertias leaks
Joe McCarthy did nothing wrong. All the vermin he accused ended up being communist filth. Yes I'm anti-communism.

And want to see smear tactic? Have a look at what your democrats have done. They demonized have the country as "deplorable racist Nazi" while defending antifa terrorists and pushing a fake "muh Russia" conspiracy against a legitly elected president. Now fuck off to Venezuela INSECT.
Sure you can but it isn’t good for public image which is important in politics
Ladies and gentlemen, it has been a privilege playing with you tonight.  [*plays "Nearer, My God, to Thee" on violin*]
This sub being banned may be the trigger that's needed. If it's gone from reddit then so am I. Itll be the little push I need to seriously check out voat or some other alternatives. I wont be back on this low content quality site though. Most of reddit is fb tier now anyways so it wouldn't be a great loss.
So we need to kill ourselves to save ourselves...🧐
> I've yet to see a quarantined sub come back.

I agree.  This is simply a prelude to a full ban.  This sub is a dead man walking.
I visit this sub daily for news and funny memes, and it restores my faith in the country when things look dim.  It really will be terrible if it gets banned...
Whatever comes next can't be called The_Donald if it wants to succeed.  It'll have to be a brand new idea/brand that explodes out of no where into popularity.  Basically have to recreate 2016.
I'll be on Reddit if they ban *this* sub just to help bring the whole platform down out of spite
Aside from lastation clearly being a liberal if you read his comment history, I disagree, the majority of ChapoCoolHouse is liberal.
The problem with truly free speech is you get everyone. Not just nice folks. Not saying I mind that though. I ignore crazies.
Man it’s like you only have to look at past elections to see how the house and senate usually flip during the first terms of presidents
Got it, thank you-  appreciate the help in understanding it all.
It is, but I've seen people here who said they were leftists. They don't get kicked out as long as they are polite. It's not what you are, it's how you behave.
[removed]
Never back down.  Never cede ground to the enemy.
[removed]
Oooooooh what time? I'ma have fun with that.
We can still meme it.

Memes can't be quarantined.
[deleted]
Like idiot FBI agents posting inflammatory posts on 8ch and forgetting to remove the (You)s from their "evidence."
The leftist subs are full of threats of violence and all the stuff they accuse us of. Doesn't matter, the left doesn't have to follow rules or laws anymore.
Do you have any evidence there were such posts to begin with? The only "evidence" I've seen is from some Orwellian-entitled entity with deleted posts we can't even read.
I'll also put a fifty on our numbers being 10x lower then advertised.  Throw another 0 in front of the decimal of that figure.
Seriously, can we even verify whether the posters are members of our community?

And why not just ban them?
Or new within the last few days
I don't know about this case, but unfortunately good pedes break the rules sometimes, and a story like what is going on in Oregon is likely to get certain people riled up. It's not hard to shoot your mouth off before thinking about what you are saying first.

We all need to learn from this. First of all, it's been long established that calling for violence against this or that person or group is no protected "free speech". It's simply calling for violence. Second, the rest of speech that must be suppressed due to Reddits rules, and speech that flirts with those rules, while we may all agree is free speech and should be protected, if we want to exist on their platform, we have to put up with it and follow the rules.

Flaunting those rules does nothing more than make the TD mods have to work harder and works *against* TD and furthers the possibility of us getting banned. We're a community, we know the situation, lets act like a community and police ourselves.
A spot check I did shows they aren't all shill accounts, unless those shill accounts were doing a lot of work to look real, like 10k karma points in comments.
Ohhh, yes it is! 756,000 members now!
Tibi gratias ago tibi gratias tibi valde! 😁👟👟
That's all i said and got banned.
https://i.imgur.com/HtvVhCl.jpg
Well....
Color me shocked. It's on.
Can you type that again, in English this time? Thanks.

EDIT: Clarified below. :)
GET REKT DRUMPFTARDS

REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
indeed, i expect the excuse will be found or created within the next few days. i loved the spirit and humour of this place and great discussions with people from all walks of life. the inevitable ban will never erase that. now it's time to focus on beating tech censorship in the real world. this is a watershed moment.
[removed]
> Oh what a victim you are!

The front page of this sub is exclusively "We're such victims"

This community's definition of "troll" equates to anyone who doesn't believe **EXACTLY** the same as intended. 

Like don't get me wrong, I think the quarantine is dumb. Hell I think the concept is dumb, it should be ban or nothing IMO, but the sub that jerks off over the first amendment (as we all should) is hilariously authoritarian and now the website's getting authoritarian on it's ass, it cries about it? 

Out of interest, would you call this sub an echo chamber?
It wasn't my comment, but the sentiment is solid.
Whatever you say, NPC.
> The Free Market

Wrong.  That's what you call monopoly and collusion.
You're quoting the wrong thing.  You should be quoting the US code that talks about monopolies and the regulation of political donations-in-kind.
Yes.

Reddit is using the common carrier telephone lines and routes.  When this country had a myriad of private telephone companies, it was established long ago that these “private companies” could not censor phone calls and could not ban phone subscribers.  These “private companies” were also eventually required to interconnect all their subscribers to everyone else throughout the country.  The Reddit’s of the world are legally and technically equivalent to the original private phone companies.  Reddit and other socializing platforms are using the telephone lanes that were acquired by eminent domain and required to be subject to common carrier laws.  Reddit is a public utility and would be deemed so by the courts of the late 19th Century and early 20th Century.
Not speaking in metaphors — dealing with laws.

Actually, yes, in many states right of way access can go through buildings.  California has long declared private property (malls, parking lots) as public domain.  There are plenty of laws protecting free and non discriminatory passage on shipping lanes, roads and rail.
Better to go to your state’s attorney general website.  They may have a reporting form.

If you go to that trouble, post your state’s link to help others.
I believe that they ARE a public utility. The fact that the law has not recognized them as such is a reason to pressure your Representatives. 

This is not about R vs D, this is about the future of PUBLIC discourse.
bullshit, liar.
I understand what Wikipedia and who runs it, which is why I also linked a non-shitlib website proving what I'm saying to be true, but you keep on downvoting if it helps.
No, i am 100% serious.
So numerous private companies from various industries have been engaging in some form of business or trade with China. A practice that has been going on for so many decades. These entities are engaging in free enterprise. Some of these companies are located in a state known to be more left leaning. And somehow this is the sole fault of the democratic party. And while this does give some sort of power/influence to the Chinese government, its hardly the insidious and all encompassing total control that the original commenter implied.
Well the biggest rally for the president has been effectively silenced, so I take what I can get to not be fed fake news. Make your own sub on there like this one and I'll gladly follow
Pretty much myself as well. I have absolutely no desire to subscribe to a commie echo chamber. And they are the most egregious offenders of invading other subs. I’ve seen these fuckers invade sports, pro 2a, politically right subs, etc. they absolutely fucking destroyed the libertarian subs.
It's only when you've lost everything that you're free to do anything.

Welcome to Fight Club. If it's your first night, you have to fight.
Fair moderation is not censorship. So few people understand that. Free speech doesn't mean you have to allow neo-Nazis on your site. They aren't allowed here, for example.
How could that happen if the Democratic Party was "dying"?
You are welcome...  good people here.  Really sick to my stomach that this is happening.
Adorable! 

Have a nice day, actual fascist!
4chan/pol.  dont be scared, they will hate you but they hare everyone.  lots of racist stuff but this is mainly other people making pol look bad.
WHEN they ban us, what's your plan of action?
8 Central. Doubtless there will be a Watch Party. I suspect it will be hoppin.
Maybe because there are legitimate posts from new accounts? We were all new at some time.
Those boards glow.
Nailed it. That’s precisely what happened here.
That is because I believe they are teaching these little leftists the art of projection
[deleted]
Too bad Reddit doesn't hold other groups to this standard. Neither does Facebook...or Twitter....or Google.
> It's not hard to shoot your mouth off 

Careful...
You can buy reddit accounts... not saying that happened, but it is easy enough that a Google search will yield results.

I haven't posted here in a long time, but i know the mods here were gods and always on top of violators, and shills. So I'm feeling this is 98% bullshit 2%bad luck maybe.
Could you actually read what was posted? It could have been something like "I don't blame the Republicans for getting out of state. That governor is out of control." Or maybe something like "God bless these Republicans for standing up for their beliefs." If you can't read the post, how do you know what it actually said? Who trusts Spez, after his past post-editing history?
And I just had to rejoin because I was somehow removed from this community. Was also somehow added to a ton of others I would never join. Fun times.
We are getting closer to 777777..
He's being sarcastic. You are committing a thought crime by disobeying your masters!
asking for English?! You should be prepared to include all languages except some more equal than English. English can be used for hate speech. Reported again even more this time.

&#x200B;

okay.. I'll stop now.. welcome to our little slice of common sense on the Internet.. where we all love each other because of our common support of Trump, despite our many differences, and we are hated for it.
Edit? Wtf is edit. You mean spez right?
I was looking around, and found the post of the admins planting evidence. I was convinced before that there were very few fringe amounts of people who were threatening violence, but were hidden under a pile of downvotes and replies, but I don't believe that anymore.

But yeah, they're silencing us for no other reason but because we're guilty of wrong-think.
No "russian bot" label? [Huh](https://m.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLT26CaD622boa5QwbE-nUngkgmYPA-twC). *Collusion* has lost its allure, I guess. Mueller will definitely fix that shortly.
The Free Market is Free to collude and monopolize. Do you not understand the word "free"?
So the actual answer is no that the internet hasn't been deemed public property. Would be is not the equivalent of has been. 

> Reddit is a public utility and **would be** deemed so by the courts of the late 19th Century and early 20th Century.
But not the building themselves which is sorta the whole point of this. You are allowed to travel to the building that is connected by a road, and the owners of that building are allowed to reject your entry. Same with your phone lines metaphor. You are allowed to call another person and they are allowed not to talk to you. You still have access via roads/phone lines, its the end point that you don't have a right to.
I agree, I'm too socially awkward to talk about political issues IRL. My voice is being silenced.
Diane Feinstein and Joe Biden's son leap to mind.
Maybe they figure if they cant create something worthwhile on their own, they may as well be a cancer on everything else. I cant believe how hard they are pushing right now - it absolutely reeks of desperation. It's not a good look.
Don't know why you are downvoted. An unmoderated forum will always be exploited by the other side to paint us as Nazis even if very few real Nazis exist, so it wouldn't work.
Agreed.  It's disgusting.
Actually, why don't we make another T_D? Like, they can't stop us from literally rising from the ashes like a majestic fucking eagle and saying "fuck you, we're still here". Just put a big stickied post in the quarantined original telling people we're freedom phoenixes and link to the new sub.
VPN the fuck out of this site.
[deleted]
Glow in the dark mother fuckers
I'm fully aware of how hard the mods work. My point is they can't do that work if pedes don't report things. They cannot read every single comment or even every post made on this domreddit. Pedes have to help or this simply does not work.
That's irrelevant. They state their standard, we either follow it or lose this platform. We are way past fairness or how obvious their double standards are. We are a target. So we should act like we are a target and respond accordingly. This platform is too useful to just give up because we detest the double standards they apply to us. We are fighting for our speech in a sphere where free speech is not a thing. Act like it.
That's because the only standards are double standards my dude.
R atheism is a vile cesspool of religious hatred.  They call for the genocide of all religious groups when they say the "world is better off without religion".  How would you accomplish that without arresting and detaining billions of people and bulldozing church's, synagogues and mosques.   

It's funny because they especially hate Jesus.   But they're to chicken shit to bash Jews with the same hate because then that's anti semitism.

imagine being a Christian going to that sub,  you'd think you're in nazi Germany in an alternate timeline where it's Christians instead of Jews being persecuted.

What's even more bizarre, you can go to r Catholic etc, and they don't even mention atheists.  But you go to r atheism and they talk more about God and Jesus than the pope does.  To bad it's all vile hatred, but they do.
I think those accounts referenced in that media matters story (a whopping 9 of them) are legit, I think they at least did a little due diligence on that, not that it matters.

Google says "jump", reddit says "how high?"
Ah gotcha. Makes sense in that context. In my defense it's almost 5:30am here. I probably tried to over-think it. :)
Asking for English?!

Definitely a Russian bot.
[removed]
Collusion is hardly needed when you can easily create false narratives using gullible individuals like yourself by making low effort posts in the biggest echo-chamber on reddit. God I’m glad I’m not a US citizen where i’d be forced to interact with people like you directly.
That's not how this works, and you are mistaken.
Actually, back in the 90’s, when Al Gore allowed commercial web pages on the internet, the original framework was that the internet would be operated under the “common carrier” laws.  Meaning that the traffic could not be censored or favored.  Somehow, over the years, the definition of “net neutrality” got turned around and a lot of confusion thrown into how the internet is to be treated.
Clinton “free trade” deals (aka personal enrichment through Chinese shell company slave shops) springs to mind. Democrats can’t give up their slaves.
In terms of Feinstein i vaguely recall something about one of her employees that the chinese governement was attempting to recruit into spying. Is that what you are referring too? I just googled it as i was typing this. That went no where. Are you referring to something else?

In terms of Biden's son, i didn't know what you were talking about so i googled that too. If you are referring to some business deal that his son was involved in, i don't see how that is any different than what Trump has been actively engaging in with various other governments and special interests. That is a direct hypocrisy if you think it is acceptable for Trump to engage in these behaviors and not acceptable for Biden's son. For the record, i don't think either of these are good. But Trump is clearly guilty of more of these sorts of violations then Biden or his son is. And in terms of Biden being soft on China, most people would argue we shouldn't be having this trade dispute in the first place.
I agree with that tactic today, because I have rarely seen so many leftist shills on here. In more stable times, it seems a little extreme.
Yes, comrade! Seriously, I am acting like it and resent the implication. I don't threaten people or incite violence (if I did, I'd join Antifa), but I also don't like to be lectured.
Glad I've never been to that one, but I'm not surprised. I've seen a few of that type even on here and they're filled with anger and hatred.
I didnt do any research, but I would suspect they are legit. What type of loser buys reddit accounts? That being said even if they are 100% legit accounts I feel bad for the mods here and you guys who shitpost. The whole worlds slowly losing it one reaction at a time.
I think it's amazing how they can be as blatant as they want with their censorship and hatred, and nobody bats an eye because it's their party. But as soon as we make a single slip-up, we're instantly labeled every leftist buzzword in the book to rile up their dogshit base.

I literally bought a MAGA hat just because I knew it pissed off lefties, and that's a satisfying feeling.
[**\#MeToo**](https://m.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLT26CaD622boa5QwbE-nUngkgmYPA-twC)

Thanks for showing me how much smarter you are then I am, and for showing me how much better your country is than mine (and for staying there in your own country where you don't have to talk to me).
That would still only apply to those like comcast not the end points like servers hosting the service/data. Me hosting a forum on a pc in my house and me restricting access is within my rights. Same as any other website that you or anyone else runs.
Because NAFTA, Chinese GDP growth rate, and a severe US trade imbalance are all clearly unrelated!
> but I also don't like to be lectured

Then stop being purposely obtuse if you already know better.
?

NAFTA - North American Free Trade Agreement is a good idea to benefit US, Canada and Mexico altogether. I genuinely don't understand why people are against it other than they are too ignorant or too prejudiced.

The Chinese GDP growth is due to a number of factors, many of which genuinely are outside of the US control

The US trade imbalance wasn't perfect but going the route that Trump has was not in any way ideal. IDK if you genuinely are trying to have a legitimate argument, or you are just saying things at this point. You are in no way trying to make an actual argument or attempting to refute anything i am saying.

Anyone with a basic understanding of what these things are understands that this has little to no implication that the Democratic party is somehow a puppet of China. And the main reason i commented in the first place was because I thought it was weird the way you referred to China as some weird sort of all-powerful boogieman.
Commie detected
oh yeah, you got me. I am ***totally*** a dirty commie. you really owned the libs today
You really owned grammar today
[removed]
It's common knowledge that White House staff and Don Jr frequent here.

No way today's events are going unnoticed. I just hope something will actually be DONE about it.
"I am not aware of the specific incident you are referring to, but I will get back to you on it."

and

"We are always working to improve our algorithm"

and

"Thank you for your feedback"
###**THIS WILL NOT STAND**

You can either be a public forum, or you can be a publisher. Not both.
Don't want summits or black-hole reporting websites, want the equivalent of threatening tariffs on Mexico, but at Silicon Valley.

Shit got old.
Trump understands the importance of social media for his message. No way this will get past his attention.
I fear this is somehow a trap...

These companies are massive. Their combined power is more than half of all African countries combined.

What are they up to?

Can they really be as dumb as they seem?
Hopefully he mentions us.
https://www.politico.com/story/2019/06/26/white-house-social-media-summit-1383280
Get woke. Go broke.
Platform vs publisher. It's already established now just go and uphold the law.
Wake me up when these faggots are in handcuffs.
Fuck these summits. The federal government needs to sue them. All of them.
Well this is exciting, and so rapid.  Best President Ever.  

&#x200B;

I wish they'd do something about the education system and all it's inherent force-feeding of liberal opinions dressed up as facts.
I am trying to think a way how this whole thing could be a bait for Trump which somehow forces him to act against the social media giants but I can't see. how.

 I just can't believe they are pulling off this stupid show for nothing.
We don't need a summit where tech companies will send dumbfounded executives who will claim ignorance, we need regulation under existing laws. The President needs to seriously threaten revocation of the exemptions under the Communications Decency Act given to "platforms" who are now openly operating as political publishers without consequence.
I'm edging closer and closer to anarcho-capitalism daily.
He has to understand if he doesn’t act he’s going to lose in 2020. 

By September 2020 every social media platform will be entirely purged of conservatives.
They're just going to lie and blame the algorithms.   Like these fucking algorithms just landed on their tablet.
Come on just fine their asses an get rid of that stupid communications act, that allows them to be free of blame, lawsuits an liability. 

Also download Duck Duck GO
Oh boy, a fucking summit.
When called out they all just lie and go on about "context."  It's extremely  disingenuous and everyone knows it.
The left loved to push the fake narrative about collusion to interfere in the election.  

So why not appoint a Special Prosecutor to investigate the big tech companies for colluding with the DNC and Media to interfere with the election?
Detention center for Spez
The only thing he should do for this summit is announce the repealing of their protections as they are publishers and not platforms, announce incoming FTC anti trust suits, and leave.
the timing.
reddit mods probably shit themselves when they see that
y'all dun fuked up dis time
Addicts. Addicted to their lies and hate drinking them down absolutely convinced their enemy will be destroyed by the poison in their own bellies.   


But their enemy is truth and truth cannot die. That poison, though, it rots the gut killing the one who drank it.
Time to take a short position on google and fb. A change in regulations will cripple them
Antitrust? Remove Alphabet et al. status as a public free speech platform protected against litigation under the CDA. Can the Convington Kids' lawsuits no be expanded to include all these new social media publishers now?
Our President defends free speech and the headline is "Trump attacks".
Reddit and google shot themselves in the foot with a god damn bolter round
The media is *colluding* after months of projecting collusion onto the administration. Left or right, you should be able to see how insane this all is.
Apply some 'tariffs' on the biased, un-balanced, out of control, social media networks!!

Enough is enough!  - If they want to do business in the USA, they need to observe and obey the law!  

Freedom of speech applies!
Election tampering applies!
Discrimination, harassment, and intimidation all apply here!

Take em down!
RICO. All these pork chops have conspired to commit election fraud in the form of massive, undeclared in-kind contributions.
[removed]
Ya done fucked up A-aron!
meh sick of the words..take some damned action already
Wish this would do something but it probably will not.  All these companies are privately owned and as much as they lie about not censoring, they can do as they wish.
Yay. More talking.
A summit isn't what I had in mind, but it's a start.  Any action from the White House on this issue is welcome.  

I hope Trump scares the living shit out of these CEOs and they all go back to their Silicon Towers tails-tucked and tell their people to cut out the ridiculous bullshit.
He should begin the process of stripping big tech companies that do this of their "neutral platform" legal status. When the CEOs get called into DC to explain themselves I imagine they will be sweating like that scene from Airplane. After all, how is a democrat going to win if they don't have big tech covering for them?
Public platform or publisher. Pick one.
Yes! Hammer time.
BREAK THEM UP AND REMOVE SECTION 230 PROTECTIONS.  GAME OVER
Platform or Publisher. Pick a lane.
👆👆👆👆

We need social media again for 2020.  Call your Congresscritters pedes.
srsly fucking trust bust.
What violent threat? I saw the posts quoted in the articles. I didn't see anyone telling anyone else to go out and shoot people. If advocating for your 2A is considered "violent speech" now, then this country will succumb to fascism before the end of our lifetimes.
Trump won due to his use of social media. This summit is going to be a solid "play nice and nothing happens". They wont listen..and the biggest break up of tech monopolies will happen.

Our government can remove your ability to talk to another companies owner without being rolled up and taken to prison over it. Why hasnt it happened? Dunno but Our system has plenty of Checks to grab a Corporation by its asshole and split it into two.
Allow GEOTUS to teach you how to win. Winning involves a multi pronged approach. Hes been positioning the "board" to take legal action since 2017. I can explain some of the major steps if youre curious. Just ask. A key component in our Constitutional Republic is to awaken the citizenry and gain support for action. Americans need to care passionately about freedom of speech and unfettered access to ideas ie the Wild West Obama and his ilk so disdain. We as a society, as individuals, are responsible for pushing back against these totalitarians. In the meantime, GEOTUS will CONTINUE his methodical destruction of one of the totalitarians centers of control, the Social Media Overlords, via the DOJ, FTC and FEC. Part of the effort has been around collecting evidence which the smug totalitarians have been providing since 2017. You are aware that GEOTUS heavily funded Project Veritas prior to announcing his run, right? Anyway, this is a complex battle which is part of a global war. It helps our side that our adversaries imagine Trump is stupid and reactionary. Fortunately hes shrewd, strategic, patient and ruthless :-)
Time to sue. Reddit is no longer a platform. They are a publisher. Spez editted our comments. They'll go down in flames.
#MAKE SOCIAL MEDIA LIABLE AS PUBLISHERS

#END THIS NONSENSE
We need to revoke CDA section 230 immunities from media providers that choose what content is allowed on their platforms.

The immunities are intended to prevent media providers from being sued for the content they host. These rules were put in place because it was deemed inappropriate for these companies to be expected to filter through the vast amount of content on their platform.

If these companies *are* actually filtering the content on their platforms, then these immunities are an unnecessary protection.

The only thing these CDA section 230 immunities are currently doing, is preventing us from suing media platforms for their political prejudice.
> muh violent threats

"So, these violent threats, they're illegal? Correct? And this is why they got removed?"  
"Correct"  
"And those were on on your website? Correct?"  
"Yes, but they got removed!"  
"We will need you to come with us, for having a website with death threats."
I'm betting they caught wind of it when the left planned it a few days ago
Don Jr. Retweeted about today's events
GEOTUS has been planning to defeat the Social Media totalitarians since 2017. His defeat of the Orwellian Net Neutrality Act was a huuuge victory. Oversight shifted from the toothless FCC to the FTC which can bring anti trust suits. Trump needed to wait for his 2 nominees to the board to be confirmed. This was slow walked but finally happened. The AGs new Assistant AG is an anti trust genius. The DOJ and FTC had an unprecedented meeting where it was announced theyd divided their Social Media anti trust case load between the two agencies. Normally such announcements are made only after investigations are well advanced. The ammount of shilling Ive seen on other sites suggests this is the case. Theyre only hope now is to defeat Trump in 2020.
[removed]
Don’t forget 

“That’s not my department”
They need to bring in an expert to ask questions.
Why are you unaware of the anti trust actions the DOJ and FTC have announced around the Silicon Valley totalitarians? This was made public some time ago.
Well, I love the man, but he's gotten exactly dick done about the silencing of his supporters so far.  Same goes for his supporters that that have been mobbed and beaten in the streets.
China invested $300 million in reddit. This is the result.
Oh my GOD I wrote exactly same kind of a post and then read yours.
They believe their behavior is beyond review because it involves such a specialized skill that lawmakers are wholly unfamiliar with.  So far, they seem to be correct.
Tech people stupid? Why not? CNN is stupid. NBC is stupid. Google goof says like every other word as do other bimbos in techland. They seem real dumb. Only problem is maybe the American people are just a little dumber. I mean few care what Zuck does with their info or that some device saves their personal conversations to the cloud. Now it turns out Amazon will be storing data for the government which has peoples' personal info in there.

I think there are different kinds of dumb. Uniformed citizen dumb and then Sociopath dumb like the tech companies. Being Sociopaths they lack self-awareness or understanding many of us see through all their bullshit.
This is the biggest pro-trump forum on the internet.

He did an AmA on here.

They would be fucking idiots if they decided to ignore this, this forum has done so much in 2015/2016 for them.
Poison comments
Article doesn't even mention Reddit. They need to bring Spez on and have him answer for censoring TD and Project Veritas.
Kraken rounds even.
A-Aron... and DeNice... both done fucked up....
Exactly. Too many words. We need more action.
Can you provide some examples of these checks and balances against corporations
This is the difference between a dictator, who forces his will upon the people, and a Persuader who has the people ask HIM for change.

It takes a critical mass of people to create a mandate. You try to push too soon and you get blowback. Leftist had been slow boiling us for years until Trump showed up. Now they've aggresively increased the push to disasterous results.

I do believe that there is an objective truth but sometimes the way to convince the masses of truth is a long, thought-out, intentional process.
So, very stable and very genius. We’re so lucky to have this indefatigable American Patriot as President.
Consider me asking you exactly what he's been positioning for and how he's been positioning? I haven't seen him do anything to secure our rights to online public speech. I fact, he seems completely indifferent to the content creators who go through hell supporting his stated agenda. We're being systematically targeted for harrassment, firing, doxxing, violence,  and quarantine.  What exactly has he done?
> I can explain some of the major steps if youre curious

Please do
Just curious, but where did you find all this info?
Fire your psychic and/or get a refund on your cyrstal ball :-) Btw Hillary did not win.
> some time ago

You know how long it took to see results threatening tariffs against another country? Like a day.

These committees and old guys in suits can cram it up their ass, shit isn't going to happen.

We need a TRUMP moment.
[removed]
Time to ask the courts to seize Reddit.
Plus he gets a lot of his twitter memes from here, so I wouldn't be surprised if he came on here whenever he isn't busy making America Great Again.
OUCH
Monopolies (which is difficult to prove) can be broken apart by the FTC. There are various other laws that can help fight against tyrannical companies; but you have to bring your a-game and have an air-tight case because those companies pay for some top notch lawyers.
Nothing you said has anything to do with the Democrat interference in congress that keeps promises from being kept. This is a real problem, not some concern trolling. Every week it’s something else and then nothing ever changes. How many impotent “bombshells” are we supposed to get excited about before we get practical?
Go complacency troll elsewhere.
What if Trump was willing to do an AMA while the quarantine was on and tweeted out an invitation. 

A pede can dream.
For posterity's sake the AMA's that have occured on this DOMreddit have been incredible.  Reminder for anyone seeing this there is a huge  list on the sidebar.
If reddit deletes this DOM sub, they may run afoul of records laws because Mr Trump is President Trump.
Holy Shit. The POTUS has a Reddit account?
Contact the democrat state representatives in Oregon and overwhelm them.
One could assume close family members, and associates might have made accounts during or before that event...and might still visit from time to time.
Now would be the perfect time for another while he’s on the plane to japan
I had no idea he was on here. A sense of honor just washed over me.
when you check the link and see all the orange arrows *feels good man*
Part of why we are censored.
Yeah, why do you think theyve censored us for so long? from keeping us off the front page, to probably manipulating our sub count and voting weight, to quarantining us. we're too influential.
[removed]
Can we get him again?
What’s an AMA??
[deleted]
Didnt the last US president do an AMA too?
[removed]
Funny because Reddit complained that Trump blocking people in Twitter is against the Constitution, but censoring his AMA is allowed by them. 

Cant have both lol
"I searched on Reddit but couldn't find it, so I guess it didn't happen" -CNN
What is Parscale's account?

This needs to happen!
That would be epic
This would be great!
This
DOM indeed!
That what we need —- team Trump to post daily here — and then folks complain that they are not getting access to public discourse and public records.
How do you not know that?

https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/4uxdbn/im_donald_j_trump_and_im_your_next_president_of/
He's not the current US President, genius.
Shhhhh......you're talking to the silent majority
No one here wants your Reddit gold. If you knew anything about us you would know that. You would also know that we aren't racist either.

I don't blame you for obeying your progressive programming though; not everyone is taught to think critically. You have my condolences.
ALL MY POLITICAL ENEMIES ARE RACISTS LOL
Shouldnt you be out filming your wife getting plowed by her boyfriend?
[removed]
Dammit, Brian!
If it is reported on CNN but nobody watches, did it happen either?
The only ones who really can is campaign staff or POTUS himself.  Those two instances do not violate the Hatch Act in any way.
I have more karma than the POTUS!?  He needs more posts.
Americans in every party are tired of our rigged system and corrupt politicians, and want to reform our government so it no longer benefits the powerful at the expense of everyone else. They know I will fix it so it works for them and their families. Hillary Clinton's message is that things will never change. My message is that things have to change, and they have to change right now.

We have to change a foreign policy that has led us to one economic disaster after another, and an economic policy that has failed our poorest citizens. We will never fix a rigged system by relying on the people who rigged it in the first place.

I am going to return the government to the people.

Together, we will Make America Great Again.
This is an in kind donation from reddit to democrat candidates. You can't block one party over another from your platform.
The legal complaint was on Trump’s personal account or official president account?

I can’t walk into the White House while any president is giving a national address and expect to be able to get air time on the cameras. I can however stand outside the grounds of the White House and bitch and complain all I want. Being blocked by Trumps account does not suppress any ability to say want you want to say. I don’t see right to an audience in the Constitution.

I think the legal case against him blocking on Twitter was not a legitimate complaint. That’s my opinion though as a citizen.
Oh no that sux
So campaign staff needs to do it. Why are they neglecting so many voters, anyway? (Sometimes it seems that Rs are not tech savvy at all.)
True. But all media does it with impunity now.
[removed]
I agree, since other politicians (yes you, AOC) do it daily.
The campaign is gearing up.  Maybe contact them and present the idea.
Radio & tv stations are private companies and they can not block candidates.
[removed]
I know more pro-Trump Democrats than free marketers.  The point is, Reddit is using the common carrier telephone lines and routes.  When this country had a myriad of private telephone companies, it was established long ago that these “private companies” could not censor phone calls and could not ban phone subscribers.  These “private companies” were also eventually required to interconnect all their subscribers to everyone else throughout the country.  The Reddit’s of the world are legally and technically equivalent to the original private phone companies.  Reddit and other socializing platforms are using the telephone lanes that were acquired by eminent domain and required to be subject to common carrier laws.  Reddit is a public utility and would be deemed so by the courts of the late 19th Century and early 20th Century.
Is that you, stonetear? Still a big fan of gay furry porn, eh?
The law prevents partisan contributions.  Aren't you cucks crying about muh federal law and election interference?
The quality of this meme is the reason why we were quarantined before the debates started.
Haha brilliant
They'll never get my *rifle de asalto*
LOL, this is why I love this subreddit so much.
Hahaha
We need to start creating memes in Spanish.
Pander thrusters are at 9000%!!
It will just be a big wankfest. 

To see who can suck off the socialists in the Democrat party the hardest. 

Not even going to watch any of these "debates". I know they are socialist. Dont really need to know anything else. 

Then it all depends if my voice and freedom of speech is still around when Trump steps into the ring. 

I suspect I will be censored from the internet by then.
Waddya mean? They're perfect so far :)
Reddit could not withstand its awesomeness
So true. I was at my friend's home tonight, and I told them about Reddit T_D, and how I had just seen that we were Quarantined. I told them it was b/c they didn't want us spreading our opinions on the stupid pandering debate. Social media platforms are in cahoots to shut down opposition to any Democrat candidate, right along with opposition to illegal immigration, abortion, and needles/crapping in the streets. These people are immoral, indecent and thirsty for control & ultimate power.
They’ll never get my chili con queso, nunca!
Muy bueno, amigo. Usted es muy guapo.
¡Esta es Estados Unidos, hablamos Ingles aqui!

> opposition to any Democrat candidate

I think they don't want dank memes make their candidate of choice implausible for a rigged election. Memes subvert the carefully crafted narrative which must be supportive of a certain preset rigged outcome. For the globohomo, an out-of-control internet can fuck up shit pretty good. This is not about suppressing truth, it's about suppressing an intellectually and artistically superior peanut gallery.
Reeeeeeeeeeeeee!! Are you advocating killing native Americans who stole valor by pretending they actually went to Vietnam????
This kid's a modern day "dont tread on me"
The ONLY reason they hated him was because he didn’t have any fake self hatred white guilt. They expect every white person to apologize and grovel at the feet of every minority. Fuck that, my white guilt has been on empty for a long time.
But can you see you standing there was threatening? Your existence was threatening a Navajo code talker n shit.
Haven't seen this before. Its honestly kind of inspirational.
My favorite meme. It's a good idea to look at it once in a while. And especially today.
he is the master of it
Perhaps he could go after Google, Facebook, Twitter and Reddit because they have become editorializers?
To the top
Smirking while white? Off to the gulag!
Even worse - I'm advocating *smirking*.
#SAVING THE FRIDGE
Yep.  And let's not for forget the poor soul who gave his life to help create a seemingly infinite amount of steam that propels the MAGA Train. 

His name was Seth Rich.
Physical manifestation of "No Steppy"
here,here!!
\*faints in horror\*
I am literally shaking...
You monster!
A knowing smirk? You savage!
The Streisand Effect at work! I’ll donate the minute Trump tweets about this bullshit censorship. Hopefully tonight!
Hi and welcome! Glad to have you here!
I’m a long time supporter, but I just donated today as well in the form of a hat purchase. Can’t wait for my Space Force beauty 😎
I'll throw some down too as well as buying a brick for the private funded wall with my name on it
Make sure you vote. That's what really matters.
\#MeToo
They motivated me to buy Black Riffle coffee rather than some other brand I barely knew but was ranked well.  Thanks Reddit!!!
Oh fuck, you're right, it's been a few months. I'll send in a check tomorrow! Thanks for the reminder!
WEW!  That's how you MAGA!
And to Project Veritas and Judicial Watch!
What's the official donation site?  I'd like to make a donation before bed.
Same. I’m just a poor medical student, but I’ve got a little extra cash to donate for the KAGathon.
Same here. I’ll happily send another donation his way now. At the same time, this has pushed many on the left that are silent about censorship down in my book.
Thanks for reminding me. I know I have to stop scrolling here and get on with donating to Project Veritas and based Amy but that's another to add to the list.
The silver lining is that maybe we'll get another ama
[The official Donald J. Trump website.](https://www.donaldjtrump.com/)
hey man you don't have to agree with anything alot of us say here we all have different opinions, so WELCOME! we basically love everyone here, we only HATE corruption whether it be left or right. We won't silence you , we won't police your thoughts

&#x200B;

it sucks what they are attempting to do but we knew they'd make something up or they were just waiting for something to trigger a reason to ban this place and act as if actions from some are reflecting of a majority. I actually don't really believe its anyone from here either i feel like its people using alt accounts pretending to be something this place isn't.
Former progressive here. Your support is important. China style censorship isn't cool, in fact it's very dangerous and we are heading in that direction
You're not a progressive, you're a classical liberal.  

**Classical liberalism:** "I disagree with what you're saying, but I will defend to the death your right to say it."  

**Progressivism:** "I disagree with what you're saying, so I'm going to publicly shame you, lobby for you to be deplatformed from social media, and try to get you fired from your job."
Thanks for the support! And welcome!!! I think most of us will say even though you dont agree with us we welcome the battle of ideas.  If progressives come up with a great idea, let's say that we agree, there is no problem with that! I hope that you would agree if it was the other way around.  Most of us are here because we did not like conventional Republican candidates and dont  like the Republican party in general.  Anyways feel free to come around more often, this coming from a person that gets a lot of praise and shit for being a trans person that posts on T_D.
Yes, we can certainly agree to that. And to respectfully disagree. We're fine with that!
Thanks for that.  Hillary was really fucking terrible.  A lot of ex-Bernie bro's here.
If you don't believe in censorship, you're not a progressive.
Thanks! The support is everything!
“I disapprove of what you say, by I will defend to the death your right to say it.” -Evelyn Beatrice Hall
Thanks, friend. I’d like to invite you to stay, if you’re willing to engage in good faith debate. I’d offer you a coat and a brick, but they killed our bots too...
[removed]
Thank you.  All I've seen from the left is their gleefulness at shutting down the right. Quieting our voice.  

We can disagree but what the left wants is to stifle all opinions, all thoughts that they think are wrong.  

And they have the nerve to call us fascists.
People need to learn that they eventually come for everyone.
Don't tell us. Go into the liberal, and progressive subs (that we are all auto-banned from because we subscribe here) and say this. We both know what happens will not be pretty. You need to consider what the birds you are flocking with really want. They don't want freedom and democracy, they don't want justice and fairness. They might be paying some lip service to some liberal ideas you like, but that is just to draw you in, and get your support. They want to take your country over, overthrow the Constitution, and install their dictatorship complete with censorship, a police state, slanderous accusations and "disappearings" for anyone that doesn't go along.

You might disagree with us tax rates or something but do you really want to do away with the Constitution and Bill of Rights ? These are the people you are caucusing with.
Welcome, many long-time Democrat voters at The_Donald, including myself. Knew something was critically off with Clinton so I sat out the last election. 

Afterward, the progressive side on Reddit was negative and attacking each other, but that had been the case since before the election too, so no change there. 

Came here to look at what Trump people were doing, and it was like a non-stop conga line, constantly welcoming in new people. Lost track of the number of times that members of one or another "progressive-only" group showed up, tentatively wondering if they'd actually be accepted here, only to be immediately added to the conga line and made to feel that they were among friends. 

Friends who would never disown them for having a dissenting opinion. That's The_Donald.
Rare wild rational progressive sighting, today is a great day!
You probably fall closer to classical liberal than progressive if you truly value free speech.  But thanks for popping by to show us support.  The ability for all of us to express our ideas is paramount to a civilized society.
Stick around. You might see more of the light
if you endorse free speech then you agree with at least some of what we stand for. Welcome :)
> Just wanted to add my support, not for anything you say but for your right to say it! :D 

&#x200B;

While we certainly appreciate the support as others have already pointed out, how can you still claim to be a progressive?  How can you claim that you basically don't agree with anything we stand for when what we stand for is exactly what you are supporting us for?  Maybe it's time to rethink your ideas of what progressive means, and really try to understand logically what ought to be good and right in this world.
Regardless of what you believe, thanks for being an American!
Thank you for the support! This isn't a left or right issue, this is a freedom issue which affects all Americans and I'm glad that on issues like this both sides could put down their arms and band together.
I used to be a Bernie Sanders supporter until I slowly realized what a scam the entire left wing ideology is. Stay a while.
> Freedom of speech isn't just limited to speech I agree with

If only more progressives felt that way.. Thanks for your support! We here would happily stand up for your right to say things we don't agree with as well! :D
Thank you!  We need more like you!
While you're here, take a look around.  You might find we have more in common than you thought.

In any event, thank you and welcome.
somebody get this patriot a coat
Thanks for the support.
Congrats to OP. In the eyes of Reddit, you are now officially a Nazi!
Welcome. Here's a coat
Thank you. Lots of Bernie bros here. We are not as anti progressive as most people would have you believe. We just want Americans First. Heck even Americans Too is a step up. People are just being tired of being sold out.
We can also both agree suppressing speech is unAmerican. Thank you for supporting us in solidarity on that premise.
Thanks, I suppose. If I may add a dig, though...you guys haven't really made much progress. At least not in a positive direction.
Thank you!
Thanks, Fren.
I'd bet we agree on lots of things: Trump's presentation could use some polish.  Free speech.  Helping the Good who have suffered outrageous fortune.  We're on the same page on more than Our Betters want to admit.  They keep us fighting to the death over the minutia.

Welcome to T_D!
Thank you!

I'm not sure if you're even considered progressive at this point, I think you're considered a classical liberal. FWIW I don't agree with everything on this sub either but the lack of political correctness is refreshing.  
I believe the progressive party has been co-opted by the "woke" people who aim to silence all that they hate and it's what is hurting the Democrat party.   
And yes Hillary is terrible. I honestly think the Democrats' best candidate is Yang but he doesn't have a chance.
Thanks.  Freedom to express yourself is a fundamental right of all Americans.  God bless
We have the best dissenters don't we?
Join us, you will find we aren't the monsters we have been made out to be.
I’m sure we agree with a lot more than you’d expect.  Do you like ice cream?  I like ice cream.
Thanks for your support fellow patriot.
> P.S. at least we can both agree that Hillary is terrible.

The entire reason I originally voted against her is because ideology comes second, and the integrity of our democracy comes first.

What are these people thinking? They're becoming the anti-constitution party!
Hey man thank you so much for the support! We don't all have to agree on everything or anything and that's ok! Feel free to stick around you're more than welcome! 🤗
Idk what you stand for but yyou might be surprised to find more common ground than you've been told.

Aaron Swartz thought reddit would be a marketplace of ideas where the best ideas would win out. Apparently now it's whichever ideas reddit deems approved.
Tip of the MAGA hat to you for standing up for free speech.


also, yes, I agree Hillary is terrible.
<3 I love you.  Thank you for being here for us right now!  <3
Welcome and thank you for your concern.  It is real.  We all know it.  If America loses freedom of speech to any pretense, America and freedom are no more.  It will be the Kings of Data that you bow to.  The Barons of Facial Recognition, the Dukes of Alexa reports and above all your social credit score.
We're progressive too.
give me a hug you bastard.
Thanks for keeping your values.
Your party has left you behind
\> P.S. at least we can both agree that Hillary is terrible. 

Yes.....that was the entire point really.

Thanks we're really not bad people, we tell awful jokes sometimes, I'm good at that, but the entire idea that this sub threatens police when its literally full of cops is beyond hilarious.
Same, I lurk on the Donald and don't agree with everything I see here but love the discourse.
Thanks for the support for free speech. Same goes here for you all. I don't agree with much of what you say, but will defend your right to say it.

P.S. Hillary is just plain evil.
Congratulations, you appear to be one of the last true "liberals."

Thank you for being open minded, and courageous enough to come here and post.

Please enjoy our shitposts and know that we make them in jest. We love all Americans that truly love America. 

Now that we have found common ground, perhaps one day we find some more. 

You have friends here.
Absolutely open and honest dialogue and debate between people is essential in shaping and moving societies forward. No one or group should ever shun or silence people no matter how absurd. I bet there are flat earth subreddits (absurd to me), but let them make their case and be heard no harm. I remember as a young adult being angered the ACLU (great at that time) defended everyone even the klan. Now I can see why the organization did that it’s better to let them show up (all 5 of them) and look like assholes and make fools of themselves then to shut them down and not let them speak at all.
If he sticks around a little, he'll so just how the democrat party has left him behind.  He just got banned from numerous subs because he posted here.
A ton even. I'm grateful to have them as friends for 2020, because they know how to grassroots
**FOR THE LOVE OF GOD GET THIS PATRIOT A COAT! THATS 192,838 COATS HANDED OUT!**

We are 78.26% of our goal to coat the 246,393 great people of Norfolk, Virginia. Lets make sure everyone gets a coat in the United States! For every Centipede a coat for every coat a Centipede!
**FOR THE LOVE OF GOD GET THIS PATRIOT A BRICK! THAT'S 137951 BRICKS HANDED OUT!**

We are at **19.4302193004097485014955808%** of our goal to **BUILD THE WALL** starting from Imperial Beach, CA to Brownsville, Texas! Let's make sure everyone gets a brick in the United States! For every Centipede a brick, for every brick a Centipede!

At this rate, the wall will be **1516.91525263127461950776812 MILES WIDE** and **404.271478084776939629815647 FEET HIGH** by tomorrow! **DO YOUR PART!**
Good luck with that, Google, Facebook, Twitter, Reddit. All of them censoring conservative voices. It's happening to our side too, but not nearly as rampantly.

As much as I think Jordan Peterson is a joke of a human being I fully support his idea of creating a social media platform where only those requested by a court order will be removed. Bad ideas should be countered by good ideas, not by censorship.
i'm staying until the wheels fall off

I ain't done nothing wrong!
I know a lot if people are told to go to gab, (maybe create accounts there, but know you would be in a right wing echo chamber for the time being until it grows bigger)but I think it would be better to stay on Twitter/FB/Instagram/Reddit for the sole purpose of dispersing truth memes on highly visible liberal/celeb/musician/sports accounts/comments section. If people go to gab or delete thier accounts, they will create a left echo chamber. This is what they want. Thats why they censor- to decrease reach. By you leaving, you are censoring yourself and helping them win. I'm starting to wonder if people telling us to leave are share blue shills, because leaving would help them, not us. I think its better to stay and disperse memes to redpill. You don't have to use your own account, create a new anon account to push memes. I would not know about the Trump truth narrative without those memes. The goal is to wake up other people, not runaway to gab in my opinion. We didn't win 2016 by leaving, we stayed and spread the truth!
REAL left wingers wouldn't support this bullshit, only the neoliberal jackasses who pretend to be leftys.
I would disagree. Many discussions here have elevated to national press. Aditionally the President has endorsed/retweeted memes from here. We are here because we are sick of being lied to and defamed by the controlling elites. You need to research who these people are and what they want for THEIR future! Start with the rothchilds, the new world order, the bilderbergers. WWG1WGA!
You know what these fucks are really saying though right?

They call us Nazi's, and that our ideas are terrible, then they try everything to ban us and silence us.

To mean, that means Nazi ideas, supposedly our ideas, are so air-tight, logically bullet proof, that words and logic can not shake the foundation or tear down our arguments.

Think about that for a bit.
WE JUST CAN'T STOP WINNING, FOLKS! THE TRUMP TRAIN JUST GOT 10 BILLION MPH FASTER!
CURRENT SPEED: 122,699,385,117,000 MPH!

At that rate, it would take approximately 13.664 years to travel to the Andromeda Galaxy (2.5 million light-years)!
Unfortunately classical liberalism no longer has a home in the Democrat party, or any viable 2020 party for that matter.
They really are the worst of both worlds
That one is harder. You need to bold and include the link. Like this:

[WE JUST CAN'T STOP WINNING, FOLKS! THE TRUMP TRAIN JUST GOT 10 BILLION MPH FASTER!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hgM2xN5TPgw#87149385117000)

**CURRENT SPEED: 87,149,385,117,000 MPH!**

At that rate, it would take approximately 19.238 years to travel to the Andromeda Galaxy (2.5 million light-years)!
I was looking for quad bricks but found that, not good at formating. keep up the fine work friend.
#**[QUAD DAMAGE!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uG6oBC0Ym5)**

#**FOUR BRICKS! FOOOOOOOOUUUUUUR! LADIES AND GENTLEMEN, THIS CENTIPEDE IS ABOUT TO DOMINATE!!!**

**THAT'S 133760 BRICKS HANDED OUT!**

We are at **18.8399223899994052928942080%** of our goal to **BUILD THE WALL** starting from Imperial Beach, CA to Brownsville, Texas! Lets make sure everyone gets a brick in the United States! For every Centipede a brick, for every brick a Centipede!
	
At this rate, the wall will be **1470.83083262868187331269120 MILES WIDE** and **391.989568097511170233518720 FEET HIGH** by tomorrow! **DO YOUR PART!**
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!
##Some brave patriot has called in a **MOAB** strike! God Emperor ***Trump*** lays waste to your opponent! That's **52,509,600** pounds of **FREEDOM** dropped so far! Thanks to the efforts of supporters like you, ISIS is now ***WASWAS!***
Lmao never saw this one hahahahaha
Jesus was persecuted for his beliefs too
Part of what swayed me to join the fight today.

I didn't get that meme thing at first. I grew up in the age of William F. Buckley Jr having debates with Gore Vidal. A battle of ideas involving cartoon frogs just didn't make much sense to me.

Thing is, I saw you guys so differently than what I read. Everyone was supportive. Everyone was having a good time...and most importantly, you guys wound up being right more often than you're wrong.
One of my fave pics from this sub. Speaks so much truth.
*Melania*
Reddit needs to be punished in the same way Google needs to be.
We are the sub of peace!
Well I'm a bit cranky about it. And I'm probably not the only one. Might wanna come back in a few or take today's attitude with a grain of salt and unwarranted censorship.
Choose Greatness
Thank you for the free advertising reddit! We are counter culture, again!
“You couldn’t live with your own failure, and where did that bring you? Back to me.”
Sit down, take your shoes off, ~~show me your genitals~~. Whoops, too much Craig Ferguson
A simple and beautiful meme. Make your own, folks, and don't worry about graphical quality, it's the tremendous message that counts.
This shit right here boys, is pure gold
Hang in there guys
Beautiful image, the best, everyone says so, believe me!
That he was... and while nothing compares to the Savior, I believe that most people dislike unfair vilification whether it be of a messiah or an online community.
I'm 50. I've been active on the internet for 25 years and conservative for most of that time. When I discovered this place in late 2015 I knew Trump was onto something. There was no way in hell you would have found anything similar in support of any prior Republican candidate.

I had more fun during the 2016 election than any time in my online life. Subbed in April 2016 (night of the NY primary) and have been here every day since.

The energy, humor and support are amazing. And the memes! It's like anything else, once you immerse yourself, you start to learn the language and grasp subtleties.

Welcome aboard.
<3 YaY You are with Us now!  HUGS <3
I think punishment will come in the form of cash flow and site traffic if it gets too bad people will use different platforms
When do we begin culturally enriching?
I am too. TD feels so alien without its normal style :(
To be honest, this is probably the nicest subreddit on this website.

This is the only place that covered the pulse night club shooting, among other things. 

This is a hit job and it's pathetic.
It’s a media matters democrat hit job. Because dem debates are starting
No, you pretty much nailed it. It's a massive witch-hunt.
Welcome to the forum, take a coat and have a browse. To answer your question there is indeed a "witch hunt" going on.
I haven't noticed anything too crazy either. The people that post/make outlandish claims are usually shot down pretty fast or just ignored.  If someone disagrees, people typically try to prove/disprove the points rather than just call them a "troll" or whatever.  But I'm sure if you dig hard enough you'll find something but meh.  

&#x200B;

Trying checking out some other subs that deal with politics to see the difference.
How did you get here if we can't have new users?
Thing is we've been quarantined for two years
It’s ridiculous bullshit.
-GEOTUS
Welcome to T_D 👍 👌
The narrative is controlled far more than you realize, and has been for awhile. They are getting desperate about 2020 and overplaying their hand.  Same thing the MSM did in 2016.
Welcome my man. WE love police officers. I have two LEO’s in my family.  The excuse to quarantine us is a lie.  There were hundred of thousands of lurkers getting facts and info from our DOM. So I guess Leftist  Reddit couldnt let it keep going. We are now invisible to lurkers.    
Thanks for subbing.
This subreddit is vanilla as fuck. Just a big pep rally for Trump and memes making fun of Feminists. It's good times.
No it's literally a witch hunt.  Thank you for visiting.  We have never condoned violence here
wait until you figure out what *else* you've been lied to about
Honestly, I don't think it's a witch hunt. 

At best, it's just another instance in a long list of reddit and the left trying to get rid of us. We've been dealing with their desperate attempts to silence and suppress us from the beginning. It's sadly quite typical. 

At worst, it's part of a planned, targeted campaign the left is using to blackout Trump's social media support as we wade into another election season. It's targeted censorship designed to influence an election, which again is typical--big tech and social media platforms have been doing this for years. It seems they intend to ramp it up this time, as this is only the beginning. I certainly expect many more instances of much more overt and grotesque censorship of Trump and his online support.

This is probably the most pro-law enforcement sub on this entire site, yet their claim is we're calling for violence against cops. Utter nonsense, as well as a complete double standard given the anti-cop, pro-violence sentiment that is pervasive on much of the rest of this site. 

I'd bet money that it is much more likely that leftist shills and trolls posted something here in a coordinated effort to finally give reddit admins the excuse they've been trying to manufacture to finally get rid of us. I wouldn't be surprised if Vox was involved, given the fact pattern that preceded the quarantine.

In any case it's all highly suspicious, highly convenient, highly ridiculous, and highly inconsistent. In short, it's shady as fuck.
You need to adopt FBI tactics my friend...find who you want to persecute or find issues with first, then try to find a crime.
Thank you and welcome!
Just Communist big tech trusts trying to play overlords and influence the 2020 election while screaming 'Russia' at the president. I do mean Communist too. https://youtu.be/XgjUnl4Bluk?t=16
Welcome !

All we ever ask of anyone is this. Ask yourself these 2 two questions only to satisfy yourself and no one else. 

What do you believe and why do you believe it?

Once you question your own beliefs it require one to either search for information that either challenges or confirms those beliefs. It's a hellva journey after that. I hope you stick around a while and take a tour while on your journey.
I browse a couple times a day, have for a couple years.

Only time I've seen anyone advocate violence was against ISIS and chomos. Only time I've seen anything negative about cops was the Broward County coward & the one that shot the Australian lady in Minneapolis (neither had any violence, just losing jobs or calls for jail)

Never even heard about the Oregon thing. Sounds like complete bullshit to me.
Welcome, it seems like everyone that comes here looking for bad stuff doesnt end up finding it. Occasionally you may have a troll on the left post something but it usually gets taken down fast, they try to screenshot it to make us look bad but those kind of posts aren't tolerated here. Just a sub of people that love america and support the president since other political subs dont let you post anything positive about the nation or president
I fully expect it to come to light that the accounts calling for violence were created by either the news outlets reporting the story or leftist shills. We don't wish violence on people especially Law Enforcement.
You found the party, man.
Witch hunt

#When your product is terrible, it will only sell if it has no competition.

We have an election coming, and no surprise that T_D is pseudo-removed to prevent a counter narrative the night of the first democratic primary. Twitter, facebook, google, reddit, they are all doing their best to censor non-democrat opinions because they are afraid that if people hear what we have to offer in contrast, they may agree with us.

And that's unacceptable to them.

I mean, do you even know what the conservative solutions are to income inequality, student loan debt, high college costs, healthcare, etc? I imagine not, because it's not allowed to be spoken. You only get to hear the pre-selected democratic positions to choose from.

Stay a while and hang out.
> This sub surely is nicer than portrayed on other subs

This is true for all of conservatism.  We will accept you regardless or race, creed, etc.  We will listen to your arguments and discuss ideas with you.  I think you'll find we're the opposite of what liberals say about us.  We're glad to have you.  We all hope you stay a while.
Kudos for figuring this out on your own and not believing in fake news.
This is the nicest sub. We don't really *hate* anybody. We just love our President because he puts us first.
Welcome!
Welcome!!
We are glad you are here!
Welcome. Have a coat. We love police, our President and our country.

That is all we are guilty of here
I've been in this sub every day for 2 years.. I've never seen any racism or calls for violance. I've instead seen hunderess of people of different races and different sexual preferences come here and talk about how it's the only place they can share there opionions pro or anti and not get called names and still feel welcome.
Exactly what brought me here
You people are my family. It encourages me daily to know there are so many of us out there
And the Project Veritas vid exposing google/goolag
I miss coat bot
**FOR THE LOVE OF GOD GET THIS PATRIOT A COAT! THATS 192,838 COATS HANDED OUT!**

We are 78.26% of our goal to coat the 246,393 great people of Norfolk, Virginia. Lets make sure everyone gets a coat in the United States! For every Centipede a coat for every coat a Centipede!
Post something crazy on this sub and the next 3 posts will be "show us your proof." Any other sub if you post some wild accusation the next 300 post will be "you right! it's exactly what my feelings told me was true."
Lot's of times we don't even downvote dissenting opinions (unless it is an obviously paid shill) and just discuss why we think differently.
You can, we are warned though
Yup the quarantine is to set the stages for the ban coming closer to the election.  Mark my words.

You can't go straight to ban.  There has to be an intermediate step and more "violations."
Thanks for the great reply! Though I doubt this is what you believe it is, I can't discard the idea. Hopefully the truth comes out
What do you believe and why do you believe it?

It was that very question alone that turned me from Democrat to Republican!!
We respect the law, so we respect law enforcement
**FOR THE LOVE OF GOD GET THIS PATRIOT A COAT! THATS 205,000-ish COATS HANDED OUT!**

We are 68.8% of our goal to coat the 298,695 great people of Anchorage, Alaska. Let's make sure everyone gets a coat in the United States! For every Centipede a coat, for every coat a Centipede!  [Meme Reference!](https://youtu.be/OiYVVT1aQFM)

^(\*coat bot is feeling under the weather, so coat distribution will be performed on a volunteer basis.)
They take from us what we love.
FOR THE LOVE OF GOD GET THIS PATRIOT A COAT! 

THATS 205,000ish COATS HANDED OUT!

We are 30.24% of our goal to coat the 677,??? great people of Detroit, Michigan. Let's make sure everyone gets a coat in the United States! For every Centipede a coat, for every coat a Centipede! This bot was created by devious1087, feedback always welcome.
That or "why isn't this on the front page of every news site/paper"
Whenever someone tells you to avoid something they have an agenda.
Warned because it’s wrong think. Remember the sign is scarlet letter and once you actually get in and converse with us you’ll notice generally there is vigorous but polite debate and we are as a group tolerant to practically anything except vitriol and insults as a main argument.
Reddit warning: If you dare subscribe to this sub, you may be assaulted with truth, honesty and respect. Proceed with extreme caution...
This
Just installed 'boats' and linked my voat account.
No, they won't ban the sub. They will 'quarantine' the users to prevent them from commenting outside the sub.
It wouldn't take that many people, really. Just a handful of reddit accounts posting some rule-breaking garbage, and some blue checkmark to amplify it to their built-in audience of leftist lemmings who then proceed to propagate it within leftist circles, and the snowball is already rolling. The bias and intention is already there--it wouldn't take much for those with such inclinations to latch onto such an opportunity.

&#x200B;

TD practically has entire subs that seem dedicated to trying to get us banned. Reddit admins have a documented history of suppressing this sub. The left has a long history of manufacturing hoaxes and fake news to discredit and censor its political opponents. I've witnessed the left orchestrate much grander schemes for the sake of exercising censorship of political opponents on social media platforms. Hell, just look at the Veritas stories that have broken. This would just be yet another drop in the bucket.

&#x200B;

And it all just happens to take place directly prior to the first dem debate, no less. Mods here were apparently given no warnings or heads up, and they say they received no prior complaints alerting them to the posts in question, so that they may have been able to properly deal with them internally. And again, this is a highly pro-LE sub. It all stinks to high heaven.

&#x200B;

Sure, I'm cynical, especially when it comes to what the left is capable of and willing to do. So, I wouldn't even be surprised at this point. Of course, I can't prove any of that either, but what's more likely:

&#x200B;

Arguably the most pro-LE sub in the history of reddit, whose following is generally quite jovial and peaceful (TD members aren't the ones rioting in the streets, nor do they have a history of rationalizing violence against political opponents--e.g. "punch a nazi") has suddenly, and inexplicably resorted to not only uncharacteristically calling for political violence, but against cops--historically, a much more leftist thing to do (re: the many anti-police riots and actual violence against police, protests, and rhetoric of the left)?

&#x200B;

Or that the left, who already has a long history of resorting to, if not wholly manufacturing these very kinds of smear campaign hoaxes has taken another stab at it at the outset of an election season? If I were the left, and I saw the democrat campaign field, I'd be desperate too, after all.
# His Name Was Coat Bot
ehhhh, minus heroin.
Don't look Ricky!

It's too late mother, I have seen everything

.jpg
The DNC killed Coati Mundi.
#GET THIS PATRIOT A COAT

That's 7,777,777,777 coats handed out to date. You could survive on Pluto for 8 years with that many coats insulating your body heat, which coincidentally is precisely how many years Trump will be president.
have a brick while you're at it
The bots had information that would lead to the arrest of Hillary Clinton. RIP
His Name Was Coat Bot
F
The agenda is trying to get you not to ruin your life and cause pain to all those who care about you.  Nobel agenda, but still an agenda.
“It’s just awfully good that someone with the temperament of Coat Bot is not in charge of the law in our country,” Mrs. Clinton observed.

“Because,” Coat Bot replied, “you’d be in jail. And also because my programming would force me to refrain from giving you your coat back.”
Only a mater of time now. I love all you beautiful bastards.
Show me one call to violence from this dom.  They cant.  Fucking fascists.
I've been on this sub for almost two years. I have never seen one call for violence.
Well, I was already fired up but now I’m going to max out my donations and campaign my ass off.  This twisted version of 1984 cannot be allowed to stand in a free country.
Yep and it’s the exact reason why the admins have quarantined us.
[removed]
Step #1: Shills false flag

Step #2: Same shills use those false-flags as an excuse for censorship
[removed]
how is it that I'm still subscribed here but it won't show up on my subscriptions, won't show up on a search for the subs exact name and had to duckduckgo this sub to find it? even then I had to deal with that warning asking if I'm sure I want to enter despite still being subscribed here, wtf?
Is it me or is this guy attempting to single handedly stir up the bees?

As a Libertarian who voted Johnson, I've always stood by on the sidelines, never subbed to T_D until today, occasionally supported you guys, occasionally laughed at and with, but I'll say it today and let those censorious d*ckbags squeal.

TRUMP 2020
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN (AND AGAIN AND AGAIN)

If they attempt to take T_D down, I stand with you.

They're just upset because you crazy bastards see through their BS. Covenant kids, Migrant crisis, etc.

These fools want to demonize those they don't understand and think we do the same when we don't support them forcing their fake reality on us.
Unless the people in government do something (anything at this point) America and the western world will fall into a new socialist era. 

Freedom of speech is on its last legs. 

When it finally falls it's over. No meme will save anything. It will be over for freedoms in the western world. 

The world will enter a dark age. What or who comes out at the other end is unkown. 

We are at war with the radical left. People may not be dying in fields or storming beaches (yet anyway) But there is no doubt we are in a war with them.
They post the calls to violence themselves, screenshot them and report them with their main accounts. We've seen this countless times before.
When the Trump curse comes for Media Matters, I'm just gonna laugh and laugh and laugh...I never thought there could be a more loathsome caterwauling than CNN garbage pushed as "News" but yet, Media Matters finds a way to push buttons with almost Kavenaugh rape victim efficiency!
Carlos Maza is a smokescreen.  Do not get distracted.  The technocratic cartel is behind all of the censorship.
That slimey fucker.  I’m going to be honest, I don’t frequent here, I’m not the biggest fan of trump. But he gets way more shit than he deserves.  Carlos Maza on the other hand, is trying to destroy conservative voices in media.  He’s a political actor, not a journalist.  People need to stop taking him seriously.
Same guy who got Crowder demonotized?
I'm more determined now than ever to vote and fight for conservatives.
It's as if there's a "war" on "information".
The left will only be satisfied when everybody agrees with them, adheres to their dictated speech, votes like them and dresses like them. Until that day comes their goal will be to try and control others. They are weak and know they can't compete on a level playing field, so they will try to rig the game. They will keep doing that until the day comes it's not necessary anymore. This is nothing new of course. It's the very same playbook used by Nazi Germany in the 30s-40s and by fascists, communists, going back decades through today.
Let's see the exact call to violence posts they were referencing. I'd wager my paycheck that none of the accounts have any prior good-faith involvement on this subreddit.  
  
Leftists tend to be impulsive and lazy so I'm guessing most of the accounts were brand new.
tHeReS No CoNsPiRaCy
Right before the democratic debates, too! What a coincidence!
Carlos Maza probably haven't heard the term "Trump curse"

Soon Carlos, soon..
Produce all these examples of "calls of violence" so we can examine the evidence.  Or are you too afraid they could have been faked or made-up?
Fuck Reddit 🖕
Especially considering the posts that the donald was supposedly quarantined for, were all made in the last 24 hours.  So they literally made this article about "threats" before the supposed posts were ever made.
This is what it is all about.

This is political suppression. The communist bullshit is already starting.
Media Matters is a dogshit organization of libtards who cannot do anything to forward their horrible ideas other than to attempt to censor everyone else who points out how full of crap they are.  It's pathetic.
How did that fucking faggot get so much influence?
If you can't successfully debate someone because all of your ideas and arguments are bankrupt and devoid of logic the only other option you have is to silence them.
Time to get Reddit ~~booted~~ quarantined off the internet.
I have not ONCE seen anyone calling for violence on this sub. At MOST I've seen calls for people to be ready to defend themselves should the shit hit the fan. This is insane and ridiculous. If there are legit calls to violence, where is the proof? Show us the comments, show us the history, show us how long the account has been around and show us how active said accounts are in this sub. If you can't do that, you're lying.
How did this Carlos Maza cuck become so influential? Sucking the right cocks?
He blocked me. :(
How that dude has any influence astounds me
My question is. How does some gay loser with 132K twitter followers convince an entire platform to act against its own users on a subreddit with 759k members?
Why does one wispy faggot get to capriciously shut down whatever they want in the name of globohomo?
It's funny how you NEVER see any calls to violence here yet that is the reason they want to quarantine the subreddit. Literally anyone can post in the subreddit.. you know the threats are people from other political subreddits trying to shut this place down with a 'false flag.'  Step 1: Liberal person posts on The\_Donald with threats. Step 2: Goes on their other account to flag their own threat immediately before moderation. Step 3: Reddit responds with The\_Donald quarantines.  Everyone here knows this is bullshit. You NEVER EVER see threats on the main posts even 10 pages deep, but somehow it's not a problem? The left doesn't play fair.  We wonder why conservatives get demonetized and banned from platforms? It's because the left flags everything they don't like to try to get the algorithm on their side, not to mention the bias of the companies themselves.
Gotta go back to digg.
How does Carlos still have influence at all, lmao....
What a lispy queer
This fucking lispy queer
Slowly, the Anglo began to hate
Why does this disgrace to all Hispanic people wield so much power.
# UNSUB FROM ALL OTHER SUBREDDITS DROP EVERYONES METRICS BY 750000 USERS.

# DO IT.
Will Steven Crowder do a video on it?
The fact that he got crowder demonatized has made him think that he can do whatever he wants
If that little bitch lived near me I would lean out my window every time I saw him and call him a little pussy ass bitch...then go REEEEEE REEEEEEEEEE  REEEEEEEEEEEEEE
That yellow triangle needs to be  on t-shirts  tomorrow.  A symbol of our fight  for fairness on social media.
These idiots just threw a bigger spotlight on us
What a loser
\*SEND STATE POLICE TO ARREST SENATORS OF ONE PARTY!!!\*

\*that's worrying\*

\*OMG FASCIST\*
who is carlos maza and why does he have so much pull? ive never heard of him up until the Steven Crowder thing
they're trying to stop Liberty Hangout Where Katalin exposes violent liberals just by asking questions 

https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCQMb7c66tJ7Si8IrWHOgAPg/community
Can we get unquarantined?  Or is this like double-secret permanent probation?  (Serious question, I don’t know how this works)
We all knew this was coming, making jokes about it 2 years ago.
Carlos Maza can go easy a bag fucking dicks along with the rest of media matters.
This, and Carlos Maza used to work for Media Matters. They trained him to be the piece of shit that he is.
i havent heard one call to violence here and ive been here since 2016
This post doesn't show upvotes like all the others and didn't do anything when I hit upvote. Liberals and wanting to remain in their bubbles is really sad.
Is there a way to fight back? This is so unfair... How can this bastards have so much reach? The media is the enemy of the people!
You have my full support pedes. Stay strong!Blessings from Paraguay!
I am not a violent person. Most of us pedes are lawful and civil people. I have yet to see a violent post
Exactly how Hope Not Hate lobbied Facebook, Twitter and YouTube to ban Tommy.
Censorship will only embolden the Trump movement. Try keeping a beach ball under water, see how long before it explodes on them.
Bahahahahahahahahahaha!

They make it really really hard not to incite violence...

Honk the fuck honk.
meme discord up, pm me for invite
2020 assured. Can't wait for Trump to debate the total loser the DNC thinks it should nominate. Gonna be the tits to watch.
Anyone remember when the music industry shut down Napster back in 1998 to stop everyone from downloading songs?

This will work about as well for them as it did the music industry.
I don't say this about many, but he is an evil person. Truly despicable.
Its fine tbh, not that we should tolerate it. T_D never showed up in any searches anyways probably. Certainly wasnt allowed on the front page. Was always spread by word of mouth and will continue to be. Impossible to stop that now with 750k subs apart from a full ban.
How long until he's crying that we aren't banned off the platform entirely?  Can't be much longer!  (Or we're gonna get banned.....  fuck it, stay here till the last!)
Some basic research I found when searching Media Matters...

David Brock established Media Matters Action Network to track conservative politicians and organizations. Organized as a 501(c)(4) nonprofit group, the Media Matters Action Network can lobby and engage in political campaign work.

*Make's sense to me now that Reddit is a left wing media outlet for the Democrats*
Spez, suck a dick
I'm new here and I was asked thrice to visit this sub. Can't even find you in the sub_search, had to find this in a lefty retarded sub. Man, you guys are really oppressed...
Ok, how do we shut down this lispy queer and his website?
How much has media matters/david brock paid for admin and power mods?


Not once have we seen an admin report about how much Correct the Record and share blue have affected reddit; even after being caught red handed and even being apart of their mission statement. 


We get reports on how Russians affected their site with 300 karma but nothing about the insane shift in 2015 when hillary became the front runner. The exact time correct the record came into effect.
We ain't going anywhere
Idk about gaywonk, but I'm still at the oasis in the middle of the shithole.
Great. So they quarantined us. I suppose that wouldn't mean that there would be bunch of angry Trump supporters coming for their precious safe space subs. Pedes, assemble. Go to every left wing sub you find, debate. Also, be rational. Nothing drives them crazier
Is there a TD discord?
[removed]
They have awoken a sleeping giant and filled him with a terrible resolve.
Can we get our own website instead of being on Reddit? We can pay a monthly tab....or whatever.
Yup everyone knew they were going to go full  berserk mode on this place around the election time. I bet they also want reactions on twitter, they are frothing from the mouth for anything they can use. 

&#x200B;

Remember dont' react - but be smart against these tactics.
I think I’ve seen you around before. Just in case this is the last time we ever meet on Reddit. It’s been an honour shitposting alongside you. All of you
I have read and posted on T_D daily since early 2016 (under different handles).

I have never once seen a threat of violence against law enforcement on this Domreddit.

Further, President Trump himself is the most vocal supporter of law enforcement and the military to occupy the White House in modern history.

The majority of comments I see here regarding police are positive, except in certain threads alleging police brutality/complaining about certain laws.

However, leftists routinely encourage and commit violence against police and other citizens, particularly groups such as BLM and Antifa, which are praised or at least tolerated elsewhere on Reddit.

Reddit is once again applying a double standard and persecuting a large, mainstream community of users for the supposed "crime" of supporting the duly-elected president of the United States.

I make it a point to represent the pro-police perspective 100% of the time, and even in negative threads, to remind people that the actions of a minority are not equivalent to all or even most police officers.

Law enforcement is a crucial function in our society, and literally allows the law, and thus our society and country, to exist.

Cops are human beings, and human nature means sinfulness. However, American police are typically thoroughly vetted during the hiring process, and are usually highly law-abiding and principled individuals, if not perfect.

Anyone who has a problem with certain laws, such as drug laws, civil asset forfeiture, "quorum-busting" laws, etc., should remember that it is called law enforcement, and not law creation, for a reason.
Was that a call to violence? What do you mean "love"? If you love, then somewhere you hate.
And when T\_D finally gets banned and we all find one another on Gab, Discord, BitChute, and other platforms; I'm guessing the far left will say those platforms are only for far-right Nazi violent conspiracy nuts, sign up on those platforms as bad actors to give "truth" to what they say; and go to every available law enforcement circuit demanding they get shut down. Of course decentralized platforms can't be shut down, so they'll beg ISP's to block them.
I said this would happen.  I said that some kind of backup on a different platform would be needed because they would do this ahead of the next election.

&#x200B;

Hate to say I was right...how long before it's just gone for good instead of just quarantined?
What's the plan going forward? Where does everyone go if it gets shut down completely?
May as well go out with a bang, comrades.
Where do we meet?
Oh no concern trolling. REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Then we will fight in the shade
[removed]
[removed]
They can and probably did manufacture their own by posting here with alts to make us look bad.
They cherry pick from NEW before mods can get to them.  None of the posts make it to HOT.  Worse is we have no way to prove or disprove that the statements are made by plants.  Not like it's hard to make an account and post random shit.
They can, they'll edit a user comment and point to it.
Fuck, I'm a long time Don and made one joke about using a missile to deter the invasion headed toward our southern border; temporarily banned. This sub doesn't tolerate it. It's clearly a way to manipulate the elections and silence Trump supporters.
I have. But it was immediately reported and downvoted. Same with obviously racist shit. There are shitheads out there but banning an entire sub for a fringe few is ridiculously childish.
Glad to hear it patriot!
act now or forever be censored and allow the internet to be fully consumed by the establishment politicians
Reddit should be allowed to do whatever they want to do ..... as long as they don’t use public telecommunication utilities.
and quarantines have almost universally led to full subreddit bans a month or two later. There is never a case of a sub being unquarantined, has never happened.
[removed]
Gentleman-scholar of Latino origin, who happens to be attracted to members of the same gender, whichisbothbraveandbeautiful
Similar thing happened to r slash games before: 

1. Cherry pick bad apples that has been downvoted to oblivion as an evidence why the community is bad and "toxic" 
2. Shut down the sub for April fools 
3. Wait for the inevitable fallout 
4. Release a woke manifesto explaining that this is not a joke, and use the aforementioned bad apples as an example to justify the action.
5. Congratulations! You have scored 1 Woke brownie points from the journey and media.
He doesn't have power. He just executes his marching orders.
It's not him it's media matters
There is barely a way for new people to find this place. They censored everything long ago (and not just on reddit). What adds now is the warning sign and inability to view this without logging in (so the many "lurkers" will be unable to view this sub). Apart from that, this sub was nearly impossible to "accidentally discover" to begin with.
Ding ding ding
yes but he's posting a Media Matters article, who have the real power here
There is a thriving market for aged social media accounts for propaganda purposes.  There are organizations that 'farm' accounts by posting non-committal comments ever day or so over the course of months, and/or posting 'reasonable' political comments over the same period of time so that when they are used/sold and unreasonable comments are posted, they will be seen as coming from a 'reasonable' person.
https://i.imgur.com/ht4qG5K.png
He's just the fall guy for when the antitrust hammer drops
Watch, you'll get busted for being homophobic for using that word (while Reddit chugs along with constant "mods are fags" jokes).
He's not the one with the power, he's a pawn
He doesn't, he's a useful idiot
he's taking orders from Media Matters
This will all backfire on them, it's just a matter of time. Ask yourself, does censoring and attacking one group come from a place of strength or place of weakness?
Don't waste your time, most of those are bots
Yes
I'm kinda new to discord I only used it one time with an invite. How do I get to TD discord?


Edit: nevermind, found it in the sidebar
Try not judging 63 million-ish people based on the political agenda of a Media Matters hatchet-job...
Why are you even here?  What good could your presence possibly do here?
WHERE DO WE GO FROM HERE
Need mass protests, too bad we work during the day and are dog tired at the end of the day. We need to start doing weekend protests.
4chan, they will hate you but they hate everyone.
yes  please

but we need to fight this as well
They don't care. They know it's bullshit and they don't care. Faggot losers like this Maza limp wrist don't want anything but to absolutely silence us for no reason other than they disagree with us.
Nah, we brigade every other sub in full force!
These motherless hogs have crossed the line.  We need Batman.  Or better yet, we need President Trump to be made aware of this embarrasing shitshow.  

"All they have are dildos" 😄
So glad a call for revolution is seen worse as "fight them in the streets. We've bled for less"
the left needs the Oregon Cap & Tax money and they were terrified of the-Donald's memes of tonight/tomorrow's Cluster of a debate. I retweeted a post of Carlos whining and he blocked me. probably complaining to Jack right now how I hurt his feelings.
Thats still not incitement.  These fuckers are dense as shit.  Id give an example of incitement to violence, but this is fucking 🤡 🌎 so Id probably get the chair while pedo Joe gropes his way through the zoo looking for kids seperated from their parents.
You know it
[removed]
So any agent provacateur can make a post calling for the lynching of gays or whatever and Reddit uses that as an excuse to ban us.
I cannot prove the people running Reddit have not threatened violence against police. If I could I would have said so...they may be violating their own content policy but I cannot disprove that either.
We should do the same to them on reeeeedacted.
In 2019, the internet is the public square, and any forum that advertises itself as a place for discussion of ideas should be required to abstain from editing all legal content and discussion.
Is this true?
Technically not a call for violence
Yeap got to the point where googling The Donald didn’t even bring up the sub.
It sure seems like a lot of those usernames used "first_last" name formatting, which I never see people here do.
Gotta beware of those useful idiots
I just subbed today when I heard, I'm sure others have and will as well. T_D has gotten many major stories right in the past... I'm sure it will continue, though the rest of this website keeps becoming more of a leftist cesspool.
Silicon Valley
This has become a constitutional freedom of assembly issue.

Please post the contact information for your state’s attorney general.

To file complaint in Texas, online:  http://txoag.force.com/CPDOnlineForm

Texas Senator, online form:  Ted Cruz   https://www.cruz.senate.gov/?p=form&id=16  (use subject: Reddit Ban)
[removed]
QRV and GreatAwakening on VOAT will accept you. But prepare for massive shills and concern trolls, they mean nothing.
Thinkspot
Yeah no thanks. 4chan is a complete cesspool of losers.
We need him and Congress to actually do something about it
Or Loretta Lynch saying we need blood in the streets. And Tim Caine saying they need to fight in the streets, while his son is arrested as part of an Antifa group that was throwing small explosive fireworks into a government hall.

Heather Hayer would still be alive if she hadn't been taking advice from the DNC, roaming the streets in an armed gang.
Carlos is a smokescreen.  It's like two armies fighting on the front line.  You're assuming that what you're seeing is the whole army but what you don't know is that the part you can't see is performing a rearguard action to prevent you from flanking them.  You have to slow down your main attack, fall back while screening with artillery and counter attack the group flanking you with everything you have.  Punch a hole through their rearguard and GET BEHIND THE FRONT to catch the enemy in an L shaped crossfire.  Carlos is the main army in the front, the Big Tech Cartel is the rearguard.  The main army isn't the biggest threat because while it's engaged it CANNOT MANEUVER.  Whoever is making moves is the bigger threat.  It's like a gunfight.  The dude shooting at you is dangerous, the guy MOVING while you're taking cover is HELLA MORE DANGEROUS!  Politics is the same, this tech shit is the same, it's all WAR!
Nah, he'd get pedophilia legalized and go through the pre schools like an LMG through bullets
So, they simply lied this time? Can't say I'm surprised.
>"calling for the lynching of gays"

-kaihenitai

Got em
Yes. CringeAnarchy was one of the first major causalities, it had over 500k subs. Think of quarantine as the paper trail an HR dept will do on you so they can fire you later. It's your warning so they can say they tried to get you to correct your behavior before the hammer comes down. Archive all your favorite posts because I'm sorry to say, it's all going to be gone when reddit memory holes this sub in a month or two. All our russiagate research, all the memes, everything, gone, never happened. Poof.
No violence, no violence... Just slow, hellish, debilitating agony every moment for as long as his frail body could hold out. I'd even be pulling for him and rooting for him to live as long as possible while sending thoughts and prayers.
How does that work? I don't understand what I would say.
Just emailed Ted Cruz. Thank you!
LMFAO
"Milkshake them all."
So then why are you on reddit?
Plus all our investigations as WikiLeaks broke the Podesta emails.
Say what is true in your heart.  For some, it will be: “My freedom of assembly has been infringed and it is interfering with my participation in the 2020 election process.  I use this internet service as my telephone to assemble with people who share similar political views.  Being cut off from my group of 750,000 is cutting off my telephone because of content of the messages being sent on the phone line.  They are using common carrier telecommunication lines.  Cutting off my political party is wrong.”
Just send them a message telling them what you experienced when it comes to being censored online
At least T_D doesnt have trap porn, blacked, and troll threads spammed everyday like Pol does.
I chose my cesspool.
Reddit is a private space unlike our phone lines or our utilities.

There are better arguments such as interference in the elections which turns reddit into a publisher instead of a platform.
Eh, you have to understand that stuff is partially by design. The chan mentality is that, if you can't handle weird/offensive shit, then you shouldnt be there, because you'll just whine. In that way, it's pretty effective, you dont have a flood of NPCs and stuff trying to change the culture of the board, namely a place where free speech is taken to the extreme.
So where's the public version of Reddit where we can enjoy our freedoms.... Oh wait it doesn't exist.
Reddit is a free for use instrument whereby participation is not based on political view points. Thus, anything free of charge for public use must be defined as a public space as it replaces the town square forum of public dialogue.
I prefer to filter meaningless trolling out of my life as much as possible. Dont feel like wasting time putting up with it.

>you dont have a flood of NPCs and stuff trying to change the culture of the board

You absolutely do, the few months i browsed it there was plenty of that. Pretty sure media matters or whatever david brock was involved in hired people specifically to do that.

its great that its semi unfiltered free speech (fbi will find out who you are if you say something too extreme), but thats not for me personally due to the equally extreme trolling that it encourages since its "anonymous".
You can start your own social network. I think there's voat, gab, parler, and other places we can go. We don't have to stay here. And you can limit your social platforms to subject matter and whatever you want.
This was the argument Rockefeller’s lawyers used when defending against locking out other oil producers from using the rail cars.

Bottom line:  the railroads were private companies, but they used rails that were laid by eminent domain.  

There is no difference — the fiber and phone lines were also laid by eminent domain.
You can't communicate with people on reddit from those other websites. Being banned from reddit is being permanently cut off from communicating with people who use reddit.
So, your advice is 'learn to code.' thanks, buddy!
But websites are not laid by eminent domain.
Yes. If you own a website, you can control who posts on it and you can set the rules.

There's a difference between being a publisher and being a platform, though. Platforms have immunity from being sued because someone posted something illegal. A publisher does not have this immunity. This is based on the Communications Decency Act.
You don't need to know how to code to join all the other conservative social networks.
You bet they are.  You can not reach a website without using fiber laid down by eminent domain.
They’re a publisher at this point, just like twitter aught to be
So if I own, for example, a bakery, I can decide to not bake cakes for gay weddings if I choose?
No. The infrastructure is public but the end point is not. You cannot make Drudge Report, for example, run sources and headlines he does not want to run.
According to the Supreme Court's interpretation of the Constitution, yes!
My God Drudge Report is a PUBLISHER not a platform!  Why can't you people get this through your thick fucking skulls?  The social media companies are abusing section 230.  They need to lose section 230 protection and get regulated. PERIOD.  GTFO with your "but muh private company" bullshit.  Everybody knows what's going on here.
Yeah.  Drudge is not a social media platform — has nothing to do with social media, who are the modern day telephone companies.  The various private telephone companies (the 19th century version of social media platforms) were forced to interconnect so anyone could call anyone.  Twitter, Reddit, FB, IG, etc are practically identical to the myriad of local and private 19th and early 20th century phone companies.
Why would someone who believes in man made climate change own a property like that where it is??
[removed]
"This certainly won't backfire"

 \- Spez (probably)
I bet she is helping house refugees with all that extra room
Over 33k users here now and growing.
I'm concerned for Barbara. Ocean rise from the climate change crisis could take her mansion any day now.
Please don't take any pictures of this, mm-k?
That has a certain effect....
I remember her saying that we need to hang our laundry outside to dry to save the world.  I certainly don't see a clothesline there.
We were basically already quarantined as it was.
Trump should RIGHT NOW and in conjunction with OANN start his own Reddit and call it Tidder  -- the opposite of Reddit.
You guys!!  I just spent the past hour trying to claw my way back in here!!  I made it!!  And in the words of Ye,  I feel freeeeeeeeee!
It is interesting to see the quarantine mentioned on Drudge.
Looks like there is plenty of extra room for her to personally house some migrants!
You bigot, this is clearly a white nationalist dog whistle!? You can see the 'ok hand sign' clearly doctored into the 3 trees 72.5 ft northwest of the mansion. Similarly, The streets cross to make a swastika. My god you should be ashamed of yourself!
I have read and posted on T_D daily since early 2016 (under different handles).

I have never once seen a threat of violence against law enforcement on this Domreddit.

Further, President Trump himself is the most vocal supporter of law enforcement and the military to occupy the White House in modern history.

The majority of comments I see here regarding police are positive, except in certain threads alleging police brutality/complaining about certain laws.

However, leftists routinely encourage and commit violence against police and other citizens, particularly groups such as BLM and Antifa, which are praised or at least tolerated elsewhere on Reddit.

Reddit is once again applying a double standard and persecuting a large, mainstream community of users for the supposed "crime" of supporting the duly-elected president of the United States.

I make it a point to represent the pro-police perspective 100% of the time, and even in negative threads, to remind people that the actions of a minority are not equivalent to all or even most police officers.

Law enforcement is a crucial function in our society, and literally allows the law, and thus our society and country, to exist.

Cops are human beings, and human nature means sinfulness. However, American police are typically thoroughly vetted during the hiring process, and are usually highly law-abiding and principled individuals, if not perfect.

Anyone who has a problem with certain laws, such as drug laws, civil asset forfeiture, "quorum-busting" laws, etc., should remember that it is called law enforcement, and not law creation, for a reason.
It looks like it's going to cave in at any moment. Really seems crazy to me to put a house there
The Streisand effect is real. Every time something is censored I look at it and I'm looking at this sub for the first time ever. I wanted to get behind someone in the democratic primaries but seeing big tech monopolize information is giving me cognitive dissonance instead.  These tech giants and gatekeepers of information flow will be directly responsible for the further divide of this country.

Big tech and the gatekeepers of information flow are just making the echo chambers diverge further as they obscure away things they don't like as censorship and shelter everyone else about this. We will have two sides with completely different ideas about what is real and not. Two sides arguing with each other but in a completely different language of semantics since they both have different connotative meanings behind words. Welcome to the world where people begin boycotting and stonewalling anybody they disagree with without even asking simple questions.
I joined the donald now
Ding ding ding, we have a winner.
I get it.
This is perfect!
Hmm they're right, walls don't work...

&#x200B;

BUILD A CLIFF, BUILD A CLIFF!
Slaps roof. This baby can fit 7m pedes in it
Nice homes! I hope to be rich like this soon.
(With apologies to Andrew Lloyd Webber)

Don't cry for me, Barb'ra Streisand

The truth is I neeeeeeever liked you!
We got 1500 new subs since 4:00!
First thing that came to mind. I've known about T\_D for years, but I just today subbed after hearing the news. Sup.
I just found out about this reddit because of the quarantine and joined the community.
Is that in Canada?  I thought she was moving to Canada...
id like to thank all the angry leftist for allowing myself and many others to get redpilled and not live in an echo chamber.
[The Streisand Effect](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Streisand_effect) for those wondering.
Hey look! A wall!
that is a nice mansion. my interest was piqued by the difficulty of seeing this photo.
Cue Democratic votes crying
Some liberals are rich...but still, strangely, very VERY unhappy.
[deleted]
It’s standard mode of operation for someone from agaisnthatesubs or topminds to come here, make a shill post that gets 15 upvotes (from their own alt accounts), they post it to their sub, and like magic it makes it to popular. I have no reason NOT to believe the don’t do the same thing with comments.
And here's a picture of the Berlin Wall.

[https://images.theconversation.com/files/233623/original/file-20180827-149463-m8yhac.jpg?ixlib=rb-1.1.0&q=45&auto=format&w=496&fit=clip](https://images.theconversation.com/files/233623/original/file-20180827-149463-m8yhac.jpg?ixlib=rb-1.1.0&q=45&auto=format&w=496&fit=clip)
What a beautiful wall she has around her property.  What is it for?  Why on Earth would a person need to mark their border and keep others out?  I'd love to swim in her pool and enjoy the patio but the wall makes it seem like she doesn't want other there!
Nice picture, I didn't realize Canada was so temperate. She said she would move to Canada if Donald Trump was elected, so I assume this mansion is  in Canada.
What effect will this have?
09... F9... 1102..... 9Deee
One good storm and that house is going into the ocean.
She is a leftist commie.
Is this an incitement to violence?
Nice joint
Does anyone else see the big red deal that looks like........ a 3 story water slide?
So we can't talk to each other online? I guess we'll have to start doing meetups, rallies, going to church, local Republican groups, etc. To associate with each other... What if we all got off social media and started organizing in person?
President Trump for Mt. Rushmore 🇺🇸
They will suppress the subscriber count.  There are a lot more Patriots then it would seem.

Assuming no voter-fraud, reality will hit them hard in 2020 and [beyond](https://i.imgur.com/XIJ7MJu.png).
[Read this thread with this music.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WK4HHaNhcgU)
That baby can house so many invaders.
And then one day...

Barbara Streisand's mansion for no reason.
It looks so nice and peaceful.  Truly a private getaway from the hurley-burley of politics, and well... just mean people who are all kept out by walls.

Wait - we can say "walls" right?  Walls are violence, or so I've been told.

Babs! How could you?!?!
Punish the group for the crime of a few - The attack on free speech reminds me of the attack on gun rights.
This hate!
Effective.
Beautiful rock formations there.
Looks just like my place.
Looks like she has plenty of spare rooms for immigrants!
If the sea level rises 90 more feet than the current 0 feet she'll have to move up the street a few houses.

# GLOBAL WARMING!!!
The backlash is temporary, but the suppression is forever. Where is Alex Jones today? Is he reaching new audience, or just riding his base?
I wonder how many illegal immigrants could be housed at all these Hollywood mansions 🤔
DAM...her flood insurance, disaster insurance must be sick
You know I have been waiting for Kalifornia to slide off into the sea  for 40 years...now would be a good time....where's the Big One when you need it?
This must be a threat against Barbara Streisand!  
-CNN probably
She could house 1/2 of the illegals crossing the southern border.
#Effective Post!
That is some interesting coastal erosion
People here are definitely missing the point.
Cool house.

Make its neighboring houses look drab and dull.
> **In light of the quarantine, I'm posting a picture of Barbra Streisand's mansion for no apparent reason...** 

*Posted from my trailer.*
Everyone in Hollywood complains how the common American contributes so much to climate change and they should all pitch in to save the Earth or if you don't allow illegal immigrants in this country you're a racist. Then they take off and fly to their press tours or other events in their private jet on the daily and live in a place like this with probably real walls and security systems. If they want to bring in illegals by the dozen, they should offer up their homes because by the look of things they have enough room.
Lol, Pay no attention to the man behind the curtain or he will sue to make sure nobody see it.
Excellent.  Love the subtlety.   For those who didn't catch on, search for "Streisand Effect" (but not on fucking Google).
Context for people living in antarctica?
On a similar note, on mobile, I lost my subscribed link to here, all my comments disappeared from my history, and the sub didnt come up in search.  I thought I was locked out.


Then someone mentioned r/the_donald in chapotraphouse and it autolinked it.  

Back in, baby
I upvoted this, then un-upvoted it so i could upvote it again.
Nothing wrong with that tbh. She earned the money and she can spend the money, no?
Hahahaha! Streisand Effect! I love it!
Its like everyone in Hollywood they all say they're worried about climate change but they all own properties like this or their own dam private island. They dont really give a fuck but they got to go along with the liberal playbook if they want to be a big time movie star in Hollywood.
If the sea level rises 90 more feet than the current 0 feet she'll have to move up the street a few houses.
...because there’s a giant ass cliff right there and the sea isn’t rising quickly enough to reach the house before she dies of old age?
They would have to have some way. I would imagine they do some sort of IP tracking on users to combat alt accounts. Of course that doesn't account for people that are on VPNs.

I really can't think of any calls to violence I've seen on TD. mockeries... sure but I don't remember any specific calls to violence.
> YOU CAN JUST GO INTO WHATEVER SUBREDDIT YOU DISLIKE, MAKE CALLS TO VIOLENCE, AND GET THAT SUBREDDIT QUARANTINED.

my neighbour has a nice house. i want it. so i'm pretty sure they're a witch.
[deleted]
>YOU CAN JUST GO INTO WHATEVER SUBREDDIT YOU DISLIKE, MAKE CALLS TO VIOLENCE, AND GET THAT SUBREDDIT QUARANTINED

Except the admins allow leftwing subreddits to call for as much violence as they want.

They only ban rightwing subs for it.
Why can't we have our own website?
Fuck Twitter too.
Gab, Minds, BitChute, SubscribeStar, etc. It's time to move on to greener pastures.
>Might as well fuck the first amendment too if nobody is going to protect the American people from these tech oligarchs.

Working on it...

[https://twitter.com/SenHawleyPress/status/1143245740149547009](https://twitter.com/SenHawleyPress/status/1143245740149547009)
Go into a 2 day old post. Post a NICE comment. 

Wait 2 days then compile all of the calls for KINDNESS which werent punished
You have to also have an inside man at Media Matters to write a coordinated post exposing the shill calls for violence.   

but yeah this is a nearly untraceable venue for abuse that gets any subreddit shut down.   

I'd LOVE to see reddit admins list the number of users they banned and scrubbed posts of and how frequently they posted or voted on threads in TD.    Or how often their posts got removed by Mods in the past.

Willing to bet most of them didn't have a posting history here but we'll never know.
lefties were doing it.

They were veiling rule breaking threads in just enough pro-trump wording to stay up but they were breaking the rules

When you see threads calling gay people "homo" (as an example) it's pretty damn obvious what is happening.
naa that wouldn't work, my dude.  This was not a matter of calls to violence, this was a long standing desire to rid reddit of wrong think.  

To make reddit a homogenous thought engine.

To root out free speech at its core and submit to the leftist communist agenda and pretend that it is normalcy.
In summation, fuck this gay world.
Rules are things that apply far and wide. This is not a rule, it's just a rationalization, a way to get you to shut up while they really ban people for not agreeing with their political dictate.
>YOU CAN JUST GO INTO WHATEVER SUBREDDIT YOU DISLIKE, MAKE CALLS TO VIOLENCE, AND GET THAT SUBREDDIT QUARANTINED

only if its against the political beliefs of the admins. Shit like chapotrap house and many of the other communist subs, shit like black people twitter, etc has all had more anti-police violent rhetoric. Its selective enforcement of the rules. And until the government does something about these companies bending the rules around platform vs publisher, they are going to keep getting away with it.
That would be funny if that's how it worked, wouldn't it? But we all know reddit admins only take action against subs they personally dislike.
>Fuck this website. Fuck Google. Fuck Facebook. Fuck YouTube. Fuck Congress. 


Almost all of which is run by the same people.
Funny how all the far left subreddit's who literally have hundreds of calls for violence a day, haven't been quarantined once.
Fuck you Mrs Cheney! Fuck you tipper Gore! Fuck you with the freeness of speech these divided states of America allow me to have! Fuck You!
Well if anyone can do it... Im sure media matters and vox have a subreddit.... anyone have some time on their hands?
By this logic, the government can cut off Reddit from.the internet for the calls to violence.
[removed]
[removed]
"Poor people need to worry about their carbon footprint" says the rich with their Yachts and 27 bedroom Mansions that house 4 people.
“Their sub count is gonna go down, it’ll be fine.”

-Spez (probably)
Spez is a certified twink cuck.
I'm new here.  Any idea what is typical?  Is 33k a lot?
they won't be affected they got lots of properties all over the place. They only preach and prat on about "muh climate change" to increase the have/have not divide.
Retard doesn't even have beach access.
Yeah the sea just has to raise 90 more feet that's all.
Streisand effect this, spez:  


[https://www.projectveritas.com/video/insider-blows-whistle-exec-reveals-google-plan-to-prevent-trump-situation-in-2020-on-hidden-cam/](https://www.projectveritas.com/video/insider-blows-whistle-exec-reveals-google-plan-to-prevent-trump-situation-in-2020-on-hidden-cam/)  


[https://gohmert.house.gov/news/documentsingle.aspx?DocumentID=399712](https://gohmert.house.gov/news/documentsingle.aspx?DocumentID=399712)
[deleted]
^ THis
Good! I sent a tip into him earlier today!!
And 14 million border crossers!!
That dumpy shack probably costs $600,000.  California sucks.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Streisand_effect

The Streisand effect is a phenomenon whereby an attempt to hide, remove, or censor a piece of information has the unintended consequence of publicizing the information more widely, usually facilitated by the Internet.[1] It is an example of psychological reactance, wherein once people are aware that some information is being kept from them, their motivation to access and spread it is increased.[2]
You might consider looking up the "Streisand Effect" on the web for context. Having to explain the joke kinda ruins it I'm afraid. ^^;

This subreddit is notorious enough that people tend to get curious and poke in whenever it gets out that the mods are trying to artificially hold this place down. Especially on the tail of the Google Censorship video, trying to censor a notorious group discussing it is going to get attention. I find it interesting that people are heavily discussing the quarantine on Reddit's front page. Anyone who isn't drinking the leftist Kool-Aid is going to look for an alternate story, get curious, and pop in. I suppose this is what they mean by "all news is good news".
Wonder how much fuel is used just for all their maids and personal chefs to commute from LA out to Malibu.
I don't even see any solar panels
This comment is sponsored by NordVPN
>  Of course that doesn't account for people that are on VPNs.

Or universities, a metric ton of military installations all come from the same IPs too as they are routed to same points of presence before hitting the open internet. You'd be combing through a lot of addresses and making a lot of assumptions.
To Leftist, if you disagree with them on any of their deranged or delusional beliefs, to most of them that is inevitably considered 'an act of violence or h8'
It's because of Brian Boquist's quote, "Send bachelors and come heavily armed. I’m not going to be a political prisoner in the state of Oregon. It’s just that simple.”
Or people on mobile, where your ip address changes every time you switch cell towers.
Same, I haven't seen any. I have DEFINITELY seen calls to violence in the fake news subreddits though. 

They must be sorting by most downvoted and using that one and going "SEE! T_D is evil!"
IP tracking is wildly innacurate.
Is it a nice house? And... does it have an extra bedroom? If so, yeah, then they are definitely witches.
If they've got a nice car I'll verify that those neighbours do lots of witchey things.
So if you go into a leftist sub and call for violence against Trump supporters, that sub will get banned?
https://m.imgur.com/gallery/j1h8i
lmao
Weren’t a lot of lefties making fun of Baron Trump or saying he should get human trafficked or some shit?
And ad revenue goes to his campaign
If we go to our own website or just a new one in general we are doing what they want. No one here unsubscribed because of the quarantine. They quarantined us hoping no one outside of this subreddit would subscribe to it because of it. Think of what quarantine means. They're not trying to keep us from spreading information amongst ourselves, they're trying to keep us from spreading information to others. There's a ton of normies on reddit that are getting red pilled everyday because of us. That's what they want to stop. Us leaving to a new site would accomplish that.
Hawley has been hitting it hard on censorship since he got into congress.
Would love to see that as well.
No, we won't stupe to their level
The government can and should punish those actively calling to violence. You got the fact that the government CAN do something about this right. You got WHAT they could do wrong.
Examples???
There’s ~50k pedes online right now.
They make up for it by forcing the lower class into 1 child families using forced abortion
Big yellow box on the side with "Leave this community" and a red box right below that [leave].  That will fix them, reeee.
On a regular day, the user average is around 14k
We had 100k on election night. 10k and above on average.
Ummmm..... It just was meant as a humorous shit post comment, brother.
Im surprised she doesnt have a glass elevator to take her down the cliff to the beach...
Isn't doing laundry a waste of precious, limited water?  (esp California)
ach, ok I knew that, though there was something else - like "Welcome refugees, but not in my mansion"
Their underpaid illegal staff you mean. These morons are rich but not rich enough to give someone a fair living wage with benefits. Lol 😆
Tunnnneeeellbeeearrr
Use riseup VPN, make the leftists pay for it
I've always believed that if you see an ad for a "security" service, their "service" isn't very secure.
browser finger printing.  Use tails
"Give me liberty or give me death" comes to mind. That one triggered the tyrants of the day as well.
That phrase is only their excuse. It is not their reason for their harrassment and threats.
of course not. that's just activism /s
Okay, I am in no matter what.
I'm seriously impressed with his Press Status twitter, and started following both them and his personal SenHawleyMO (IIRC).

https://twitter.com/SenHawleyPress
That Reddit admits to.
Care to elaborate on the forced abortions?
Would you like to provide some examples with evidence of this so-called forced abortion? Or did you just pull that out of your ass?
Anyone tracking stats on this?  I'm super curious what happens with the subscriber count after this.

Say what you will about Ms. Streisand, the effect she invented has certainly advanced the cause of freedom
I know... lol.
"fair living wage with benefits"?!?!


What is this mythical construct? I've never heard of it!

(This comment is not a violent comment suggesting or promoting self-harm or other forms of violence, and in fact, looks upon such ideas as shameful)
Unfortunately, Tunnelbear was purchased by McAfee, and they started keeping meta-data logs, too. They are also based in Canada, not the best country for privacy laws...
I actually use PiA... NordVPN is  just a PewDiePie reference.
Are there known issues with Avast VPN?
FYI Definitely don't use Opera's built-in VPN.  It tunnels your data through google servers.
From the govt probably not. From Reddit, yes.
I'm saying that population control is something that elitists such as Bill Gates have supported, considering court ordered abortion is something we have seen, most recently in the UK, but even in our own history with Eugenicists like Margaret Sanger.  I don't think it's a stretch to suggest that forced abortions could be on the table.

&#x200B;

\*edit I seem to have confused the names of the late fmr. prime minister of the UK Margaret Thatcher, with the ugly Klanswomen Margaret Sanger.
We have gained well over 10,000+ subs since the quarantine.
This quarantine though, huh? 
Peace out my pede!
**YOUR VPN BIBLE AND BIBLE FOR ALL OF YOUR OTHER SOFTWARE NEEDS TO GIVE REDDIT AND FRIENDS THE FINGER!**

**Bookmark and save this link..**

https://www.privacytools.io/providers/vpn/
ELIAOC - why VPN? How can you be sure tbe logs are not being kept or intercepted? Are there any safe free VPNs?

Edit: and how does this circumvent your ISP traffic, which is certainly logged?
Margaret Sanger, I believe.
Well that's just fucking dumb. Forced abortions? Yeah.....you're fucking dumb.
Yeah. Sucks.. spez needs grilled by ted cruz!!
Yep, Margaret Sanger, I thank you for your gentleness in pointing out my mistake.
In recent years, China had forced-abortion policies. China had rules on how many children a couple could have, and of what gender. I may have seen news that their policy on this had been relaxed, but who knows. 



\>I don't trust anything from MSM "news" and certainly don't trust "news" coming from China.
You're being downvoted, yet nobody has an answer. Wtf is this forced abortion thing?
I never come down on anyone’s error. It’s an honest mistake that I, or anyone else, could make.
Wtf does any of that have to do with the u.s.?
No idea man, I came here from /r/all and have perused here from time to time. This sub lives up to its rep.
I love you.
Gee, thanks.
REEEEEEEE!
Put them on double secret probation!
800,000 here we come lol
The ban is coming. This didn’t work quite the way they wanted it to.
LMAO. Seriously
Exactly.  T\_D has been banned from the front page, and the sub numbers have been suppressed.  The only difference now is there's a quarantine badge which will have the same effect as Parental Advisory badges had on albums back in the day.
I laughed my ass off when I saw the quarantine. Is that how petty the left are.
I think it's all a distraction.
They are trying to distract and upset us so we won't strike comedy gold with the democrat debate memes.
We've basically been banned from the front page for a long time, right?
Lmao so true
It makes it easier to find posts on my feed with the nice yellow sticker.  Thanks!
And the Trump train keeps rolling on full speed ahead...
Well  you're not wrong
It's so much fun when the USA gets off work and finally finds a few minutes to relax to news like what happened today.
We need a obi-wan Vader meme pedes.

“You can’t win, Reddit. If you quarantine me now, I shall become more powerful than you can possibly imagine.”
The cum dump of the admin needs to be quarantined
**Tell Xerxes he faces free men here!**
Looks like it's time to start canvassing door to door. Good thing we have several of those close call 2016 counties within driving distance.   
Let's see how social media giants deal with that.
Rediit cuckked themselves hard up the a
STILL can't figure out how this all works! 🤣
Hahaha.  This Pede knows whats up.
The yellow tag makes it easy to find!  I kinda like it!
😂
After Animal House and 40 years of SNL saying otherwise It's so damn ironic the left turned out to be the humorless establishment with a board up their ass.
More like 8,000,000 friend.
https://imgur.com/gallery/MEBlv1J
She was supposed to WIN!!!
From what
Where's the bot that lets us know how fast the Trump train is going?
Easily that if not more, it was 6million over 2 years ago when the advertising area screenshot leaked and shows the 6million.
Not sure.  I'm checking the .gov sites for any interesting news. 

 POTUS did say earlier today he was going to ask Congress to halt late term abortions.  And he said they would do it.  I thought that was fairly big news.
google and project veritas
First Democratic debate is tonight.  It's probably going to be a dumpster fire.  They want us being outraged over the quarantine instead of posting memes mocking the Democrats.
Oh, there will be memes...

But yes, I agree that's likely some of it!
almost 50k pedes online now
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Streisand_effect
Don Jr. reads us. Rumor has it he even posts here, so he definitely would know and will pass it on to Trump.
First place I went was "Ask The\_Donald.
Good. We need to put this shit on blast for everyone to see.
They just poked a sleeping bear with a stick
After watching just a small part of Los Angeles City Council meeting, I came here to relax, enjoy a chuckle and be with a lot of likeminded people.  I was shocked that The\_Donald was no longer listed as my fav or listed at all.  This sub is what keeps me checking in. I am also a gold subscriber, it's my only bargaining chip, The\_Donald goes so does my support of this site.
What gets me is that this is a PERFECT time for someone like Breitbart or even the Trump empire to set up a free-speech platform for conservatives, taking out Twitter, Reddit and all of those communist fucks.  Why aren’t they taking advantage of this?
Very good. Spread the word. A lot of us on reddit are already well-acquainted with the quarantines and bans, but this news needs to spread to other platforms.
Let's be clear: if this sub or other right wing voices were not gaining momentum, they wouldn't resort to censorship. They just wouldn't give a fuck. They are doing this cause they are afraid of losing.
Time for anti trust laws.  Every big tech company needs to be broken up.
WOW A RETWEET

IF ONLY WE HAD A PRESIDENT WHO COULD DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT
[removed]
Link to the video if anyone wants it

https://twitter.com/JackPosobiec/status/1143938593590775808?s=20
These companies need to be fucking taken down a notch. Free market solutions won’t work when these clowns run monopolies. BREAK. THEM. UP
Still here and still voting for Trump in 2020!
I have a feeling that by the end of the week, Trump will say something about this.
Why can I see it and post on it but like this tweet some people can't. My brother is very active on here and he can't see shit, but I'm on it right now obviously
that's almost x4 times the traffic we have at lunch time,
Most of it is brigading by gloating leftists.
if we go silent here, Rome will fall for 1500 years of darkness.
Make it until The President himself addresses this censorship
750,000+ ~~users~~ patriots quarantined is just too many to ignore.
>And I bet you're wondering why do I know so much about DJT. Well, because I AM DJT.
We've been putting the blatant political censorship "on blast" for over a year now and zero has changed. Unless we get legislation to stop censorship, nothing will.
A sleeping centipede
I don't know, but if anyone's looking for someone to code, PM me. I'm a CS student who would love to help with this.
Breitbart is zionist, not conservative.
Reddit's just doing its part to prevent another Trump Situation™.
They’ll see how funny it is when they pick a fight with something much much bigger than them. Anti trust laws need to pass.
To file complaint in Texas, online:  http://txoag.force.com/CPDOnlineForm

Texas Senator, online form:  Ted Cruz   https://www.cruz.senate.gov/?p=form&id=16  (use subject: Reddit Ban)
 [https://www.politico.com/story/2019/06/26/white-house-social-media-summit-1383280](https://www.politico.com/story/2019/06/26/white-house-social-media-summit-1383280)  \- already working on it.  

&#x200B;

Thank God that The\_Donald got quarenteed!  Just bringing more attention to this.
Yes, I just signed up there.
I heard he said something about it today in his interview with Maria Bartiromo
If he's not yet done so, he needs to manually go to T_D using a browser and accept the "quarantine" bullshit pop-up in order to gain access to the Dom again.
Lmao no. We’re going to disperse and never ever give up. President Trump is counting on you. You damn well better not give up. I’m more fired up. I didn’t vote for him in 2016- was going to vote for him in 2020- now I’m taking a car full of people I convert to vote for him. So the leftist floating- they can keep floating. Might as well encourage them to stay at home in 2020 too.
I hope he addresses tech censorship as a whole and doesn't make it just about this sub (**definitely** give us a mention though). Ted Cruz has been fighting this, especially against YouTube and Facebook, and there have been the recent Project Veritas leaks which have been yuuuge.
Make the Reddit CEOs stand Infront of the Congress and answer questions.
7,000,000\*
I wish. I'm just a humble meme farmer tending to his memes.
[removed]
ManBearCentipede
The challenge is that it needs to be a major company with a lot of capital and clout to get this going (from scale to marketing).  This can’t be anything like Voat.  It needs to launch on the ground running.
I volunteer, too.
The Left can't win on ideas or policies. So they are resorting to CENSORSHIP. 

SAD!
I really feel like a Trump Situation t shirt needs to be developed
I think it's more likely they're going to CAUSE another Trump Situation.
Right? It's like Google's trying to hide the body, and Reddit, standing on the opposite side of the room, shouts "DON'T WORRY GOOGLE I HAVE A TARP WE CAN USE!"

&#x200B;

How anyone at Reddit could think this was a wise decision, I haven't the foggiest.
Cannot view unless you allow alerts................nope.
well said. now is the time to go from passive social networking to real world support and lobbying. write your senators on this issue and tech censorship. save everything you can to hard drives and use that information to effect political change. deplatforming is effectively an attack on free speech and election interference. everyone from the president down needs to understand this.
That cuck would piss his fucking soy shit filled diaper.
This. Around 2016 an analytics page leaked its data from Reddit and it showed us in the top 3 with 6 million+ unique visitors per month. By now it's probably 7mill.
This is the kind of post they turn to and claim it promotes violence.

Just saying.
🐉Dragon 🐉
No one that big is ever going to do that and promote free speech.
Because they only know how to lose.
Let’s make it happen. We need to regulate free speech in technology forums especially places like reddit where it encourages diverse communities. Anti trust laws need to be passed
Who gives a fuck. They'll find anything if they want too.

Odysseus tried appeasing the Cyclops, and all it earned him was the privilege of being eaten last.

The threat of violence against tyranny is our constitutional right.

You cucks playing their game is worse than this sub shutting down. 

If they want to use 1984 and Brave New World as their manuals, Earl Turner wrote ours.
Line 1 through 4 - Nodding in agreement

Halfway through line 5 - Take your Earl Turner and shove him up your fucking ass.
If they want to use Rules For Radicals, 1984 and Brave New World, what *should* our manual be?

Watch placidly as our nation and people are extinguished? 

Turn the other cheek more, you christcucked boomer.

You are fine ordering the meal, but get squeamish when the check comes.
[removed]
That's not what a noose looks like. Prop guy should be fired for not using a  2mm white clothesline.
This btw is from “The Ballad Of Buster Scruggs” which I would recommend to fans of dark humor (and Coen Bros)
this is all because of the Project Veritas video where Jen Gennai admist that google is acting to influence the outcome of the 2020 election.  


Go watch the video, decide for yourselves.
unfortunately, this may be the last. 

As a pede that has been nimbly navigating since the beginning, i'll miss this place.
Can't stop smilin'... I remember the Linux blurb...

"First they ignore you, then they laugh at you, then they fight you, then you win”
\^\_\_\^
Definitely *not* my first time. So, so many subs quarantined and banned.
WELCOME FRESHLY AWOKEN SOLDIERS
 I’ve been around on this sub for a while but I’ve never been able to figure out what “pede” means. Can someone explain it to me before the sub is completely banned?
This sucks. I hope everyone can figure out how to still post on here. They better not shut us down for good. I’m now committed to making them cry their leftist tears through their own subreddits.
This is more like my 100th time. I joined up when we were just 115,000 strong and spez hadn't tampered with the algorithms yet. Stay strong my fellow pedes. We will be the wall that blocks the insanity that threatens our freedom.
yes first time... ive seen people get banned on twitter and youtube but us on reddit??? noooo
https://www.reddit.com/r/AskThe_Donald/comments/5uch3v/what_does_pedes_mean/

ATTENTION TO TDS LIBERAL CRAZIES. THE WORD "PEDES" IS SHORT FOR CENTIPEDES WHICH IS A TERM FOR TRUMP SUPPORTERS.

IT HAS NOTHING TO DO WITH PEDOPHILIA!!!!
The_watch banned me for no reason:(
:D
I bet that guy didn't even drop his rum
Total users ~750-7.5M approximately +/- 5M
I've been here for awhile....

What does pede mean? Still never figured out I just nod and pretend .
[removed]
[removed]
^^^^^ this guy is from MAGA country
and those guys in the cab? be looking like storm troppers bruhhh
To the top with this!
It's decently good. Short stories.  I loved the one with Tom waits. "Mr pocket!"
Oh I believe it.  No doubt.
https://gohmert.house.gov/news/documentsingle.aspx?DocumentID=399712
there will be another place.  reddit is just a platform.  there is a discord.   we will never forget what they did to us.
We should create our own site
Reddit will be destroyed if T_D goes down
I'll see you on the open plains of Reddit pede 


Shitposting this thing into the ground if The Donald is banned
https://youtu.be/MKH6PAoUuD0

During last republican primary season there was a supporter who made these videos- can’t Stump the Trump.  They were very popular here.  Trump tweeted this one I believe.   The creator used a theme song that said this “centipede is a predator”

The sub used to have lots of centipede references, used to have ASCII centipede chains.  Pedes is a leftover from that time.  On the ask trump supporter sub, the supporters are called nimble navigators.  

“Giant tropical centipedes share their territories with tarantulas.
Despite it's impressive length, it's a nimble navigator,
And some can be highly venomous.
As quick as lightning, just like the tarantula it's killing, 
The centipede has two curved hollow fangs which inject paralyzing venom.
Even tarantulas aren't immune from an ambush.
This centipede is a predator
Centipede!
Centipede!
Centipede!
Centipede!
Centipede!
Centipede!”
I asked that once.  Something about a centipede seeking truth
The centipede is a predator.
i tip my hat to you
This subreddit is for trump supporters. If you come here and vehemently spout anti trump stuff and act belligerent towards supporters you will be banned. It is against this subs very clear rules posted in the sidebar. 

This sub, however, will let you have civil discourse. If you truly express your opinion in a sane and rational manner without personally attacking anyone and ask someone to identify what they disagree with/agree with about your stance and then continue discussing that you will be just fine. This sub has never stopped actual productive discourse in the comments. They will however probably remove your post if you are linking anti trump stuff. Again, this is a nonstop 24/7 celebration of our current President.
I've never seen anyone get banned who 1. asked a legit question or 2. earnestly offered a counter argument.
Guess we found out who the shill is
I go *hard* at 45. I mean I go *haaaard*
Twas my favorite as well
https://www.projectveritas.com/video/insider-blows-whistle-exec-reveals-google-plan-to-prevent-trump-situation-in-2020-on-hidden-cam/
How do I find the discord server?
Yeah, but their exteme vetting is strict you have to be verifiable not everyone qualifies I've tried.
Reddit is just a publisher you mean
And our own app
Y'all aren't on Parler? Git goin'.
They beauty of Reddit, though, is it's a shared platform of all stripes so that people who otherwise wouldn't be exposed to our wrongthink gradually get red pilled and next thing you know, boom bam bongo, you have 7 million members marching in the meme war ("war" used here in the most of figurative ways possible).  Our own site would be like taking an information booth into a closed off room away from the student center.  You see, diversity OF THOUGHT is our strength, except when it's Reddit's weakness.
currently (we are here)

"Platforms" ban linking to your site

Then your domain registrar bans you

Then the server host bans you

Then the credit card companies ban you

Then the app stores ban you

upcoming

Apple, Google, Mozilla ban their browsers from your domain. Ban access to competing browsers that allow access to your site.

ISPs ban their customers from visiting your site.

------------

We need the DOJ to step in and reclassify the platforms as publishers. Get rid of the category entirely if need be - its being abused anyways. Likewise, this is "in-kind" contributions.... a election fraud occurring.
I've got 11 years of karma to burn. I plan on going out in a fucking blaze of glory. Meme War 3 has commenced.
* 2 Curved hollow fangs
* 2 Scoops
* 2 Terms
Ok thank you. That was very insightful.
Ok thanks
👌✌
I'm the gay Tupac.
!Remindme 1d
with blackjack and hookers?!
that google and apple quickly ban from their "platforms".
Parler banned from the app store in 3... 2...

Just like Gab, Voat, Infowars, etc.
Everyone send an email to your representatives.  Griping en masse helps.
Impressive length!
I fought the fuck back.
forget about the blackjack!
No time for sadness.

Man the battlestations.
You guys do realize that this means we are winning right?
#MAN THE BATTLESTATIONS FOR MEME WAR III 🤡🌎
#CRY HAVOC AND LET SLIP THE FROGS OF WAR
Call of Duty: Meme Warfare 3
The irony of suppressing free speech because you think someone else is a fascist...

It's like a gay man lynching a straight man because he says the straight man is gay.
Hahahaha let’s go!!!! Haven’t lost a meme war yet. Meme them to death!!!
I feel like an old soldier living in the woods and my old commanding officer just knocked on my door telling me that my country needs me.
4Chan standing by to provide close Meme-support.
[removed]
Amphibian team 6 preparing for tactical debate memes. They may of started this war.... But kek will end it.
Pedes: I need every major undeniable red pill meme and link you’ve got. Please send.

Every poor sap on all my other social media is getting it today.
Young people from all over the globe are joining to fight for the future 


I’m doing my part!    
I’m doing my part!   
I’m doing my part too!    
*Laughter*

##Join r/The_Donald and save the world! 
#Service guarantees citizenship!
And so my watch continues.
It's time to rally the troops. Ill be honest and admit I wasn't ready to go full throttle already for this election, but now I know we must because our enemies are. As Machiavelli said "putting something off until later is only to give your opponents an advantage".

I call all supporters to brace yourselves and prepare for meme magic. I shiver in excitement of returning to 2015 levels of meme warfare.
All hands on deck, lads!
***OmG iS tHiS a CaLl To ViOlEnCe?!?!?!***

&#x200B;

***/s***
War? But think of the children! Think of the children!

No Joe Biden! Don’t think of the children that way! Bad Biden!
The internet is going to go dark.
Do you realize that these people are mad at Trump for not starting WW3 with Iran?

Fighting for GEOTUS is a humanitarian cause at this point.

Godspeed.
See you in the trenches comrades!
Fuck ya Red leader signing in!
Sons of the_ Donald and 8chan, by brothers ! I see in your eyes the same fear that would take the heart of me. A day may come when the courage of men fails, when we forsake our friends, and break all bonds of fellowship; but it is not this day! ... By all that you hold dear on this good earth, I bid you stand, MEN OF THE WEST !!!!!
MEME TEAM 6
Spread out into the world young butterflies! Occupy every corner of the web, and real world.
MWIII
OMG you posted a picture of Pepe with a gun, that's a call to violence!!!
im making memes as we speak.
HELL YEAH DO NOT WORRY, THE NATION'S ELITE FROM FRANCE WILL HELP YOU,TRUMP-2020 MARINE LE PEN-2022
Guys, if this subreddit goes down and we're separated from each other.  Remember, vote Republican until we have free speech again on the net.  I'm a former Democrat, so any other former Democrats here, just keep voting against Democrats. Their resorting to authoritarian methods to try and win in 2020, hopefully it backfires and causes them to lose again.  I wish they could return to their internet free speech roots back in 2002-2007. *sigh* We shouldn't be fighting each other like this.
I fucking love you guys!!
Bravo 6, Going Dark.
Stay frosty
finally. Feels good man.
sPeCiAL ForCeS pEPe iS sPEcIaL
Begun, the Meme War has.
\*sound of night vision turning on\*
THEY DREW FIRST BLOOD!
Over the target
8chan you momos!
the longest war known to mankind
1st was 2016
What was 2nd?
Is it weird that I like that this Pepe has four eyes?
Nonphysical energetic support corps already flooding the best timeline with prayers and positive energy for augmented keks and auxiliary lulz. 

Meme at will.
This! only memes can save us now. We need to send in memes all day and all night until the left can’t take it anymore
Im ready for this meme war
WAKEY WAKEY! NO LOW ENERGY MEMES AROUND HERE! MAGA-MEMES INCOMING!
‘war’ 
A massacre you mean
KEKKER 1 HONK 2
guns are scary.....BANNED!!!!
https://imgur.com/a/9ce6SLu
Going dark
HOKA HEY! AND AWAKEN IRON!
Welp, the PV google video was certainly a nuke-sized meme in its own right.
Reporting for duty /salute
We got Pearl Harbor'd
World War Meme
Reporting for duty
Time to Oper8 bitches!
Awesome
I laughed XD
When did the first 2 end?
Keyboard warriors.
FROG77 on station, requesting 9-line.
[“Pepe!”](https://youtu.be/pZyj2rvMYDM)
What was the other 2 wars?
We need to figure out where we are all going to start building the new community! We need a twitter handle to follow if T_D is banned
https://m.imgur.com/a/q3qnT20
i love the smell of shitposts in the morning
# Remember Harambe. Gorilla warfare.
Much Mexican children with no soap!
OMG THIS IS VIOLENT!  THAT FROG IS GOING TO SHOOT SOMEONE
I am a newer pede. What were the first two meme wars?
Yall are Russians, take the American patch off
LOCKED AND LOADED
Full memes ahead!
https://i.imgur.com/SfDPHkA.mp4
One funny thing I read in our Discord is reddit thinks by quarantining us they will shut us down but we were already quarantined from /all so there is really no difference.
Meme War is good. 

Dialecticaly sound strategy and tactical targets are better.

We must subversively spam the normiesphere of socialmedias with innocuous redpills. 

I call this method the redpill suppository.

Then rendevous at voat/gab/minds/bitchute/tor/onion/chans or whatever bastions we have left(and if you are an unassimilated refugee, lurkmoarf@git), or we create.

What if they push us to actually meet in real life? Start with your brothers, your cousins, your redpilled friends you've known since birth. Squad up. Drink beers, grill brats, and watch a game, range day, fishing, camping, debating, giving shit, discussing the world and politics. Shoot for 5-8 guys in a SHTF tactical unit and develop plans for your families, yourselves, and if that horrible seeming-increasingly-inevitable day ever comes, your nation.
MOBILIZE!
It's a pretty heavy blow and it proves they're desperate to stop us. 

PS: We're always winning.
This isn't Hollywood. You close the gap on your enemy when they are down.
DEUS KEK.
Genuine kek.
[deleted]
We tried to help Le Pen in France, but they didn’t want our help.  Wasn’t a loss but was sad.
Now, Now. No calls for violence. Meme them to changing their minds.
> living in the woods

It was a frog knocking at the door.  He said, "Kek." Will you heed the call to freedom?
Same. Was here during the 1st war on an older account that I forgot the log in info for. Feels good to be back tho.
We shall go on to the end, we shall fight in Reddits, we shall fight on the Twitters and Instas, we shall fight with growing confidence and growing strength in the Bitchutes, we shall defend our Free Speech, whatever the cost may be, we shall fight on the Voats, we shall fight on the Gabs, we shall fight on Vidyas, we shall fight in the Discords; we shall never surrender, and even if, which I do not for a moment believe, this People or a large part of it were subjugated and suppressed, then our autists beyond the seas, armed and guarded by the Redpill Archive/Folders, would carry on the struggle, until, in God's good time, the New Right, with all its power and might, steps forth to the rescue and the liberation of Clownworld.


PSA: Churchill was a Neo-con warmonger who cowtowed to the geo-political Red Shield propaganda war because the Germans ended usury, kicked out the central bankers, and made the Reichsmark labor-backed.
if anything I thing it's the other way around, at least historically thats been the case
Then that’s what we shall do.
The donald contained us, but Reddit messed with that space so its time to meme out in the wild.
We need to have alt accounts. Pretend we are liberals who are going to vote for trump. Sub to all the redacted and mueller subs and let's see if we can bring over some new peeds
And Twitter and Facebook. Set up accounts now.
Fuck it me too.
[removed]
[removed]
How shall I help capitan
Bravo six, going dark
If you beautiful pede bastards don't have Redpill folders already, get to work gathering hard copies.
Exactly that, these are godless devils we are fighting. If I fail on this endeavour, I'll see you all in Valhalla!
This. Meet and Vet people IRL. 

We need to be in squads and we need to start preparing.
What comes after Electric Boogaloo?
We're not making headshots, we're making mindshots.
We fucking love you too.
Today
Muh Russia narrative
The NPC great October surprise
the kavanaugh confirmation?
The first war was during the 2016 election and the second war was the CNN skirmishes
The first war was during the 2016 election, and the second was in after the election when there were anti trump protests. I guess the second war was more of a battle than the war but whatever
Spicy
I forget about one of them but I was there for the second. CNN went to the person who made the Trump WWE CNN meme and forced him to apologize. What was his user HanAssholeSolo or something?
Shall we call upon 4chan?
#LOCKED, COCKED, READY TO ROCK!
Stahlhelm equipped and MP40 loaded with autism in hand. Time to use weapons used by fascists to destroy fascists
You have to login to desktop version before mobile works again. It’s a PITA.
That's kind of true.  In effect, they just took away our bells and whistles.
I never get tired of winning!
Don Juan Teflon is playing his trap card.
You rang?
Meme War III - Revenge Of The Cucks
Me too it was peaceful for a while but I knew the day would come.
This is probably the best meme I have seen on here this week. I love it. 

Also, fuck reddit
[removed]
We shall go on to the end, we shall fight in Reddits, we shall fight on the Twitters and Instas, we shall fight with growing confidence and growing strength in the Bitchutes, we shall defend our Homeland, whatever the cost may be.
That’s actually a good idea. Just pretend we are liberals who are voting for Trump b/c of XYZ. The only hard part is stomaching through “ORANGE MAN IS A FUCKING NAZI AND BAD” 24/7. Idk if I can handle it. I hardly even go out of this sub because I can’t be bothered to even try with these people lol.
Your comment was automatically removed because you appear to have used a link shortener.

Please re-post your comment using direct, full-length links only.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/The_Donald) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Your comment was automatically removed because you appear to have used a link shortener.

Please re-post your comment using direct, full-length links only.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/The_Donald) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Enjoy high quality memes and content. Share and spread them. Research and understand what is happening. When people spread falsehoods or misunderstandings politly discuss with them while offering them an insight into why what they're saying is wrong. 
Get into civilized discussion with others about topics. 
 
Have fun, don't think about it like it's a job. Realize they you enjoy what you're doing and having a great time memeing with friends. Realize you can enjoy getting into an argument with someone and winning. If you really care about the cause then you know it's important to push for the cause, but don't do it because you think you have to, do it because it's fun.

I got on the trump train in my freshman year of college, in the August after trump announced his run. I watched the republican debates on my own and took notes of what everyone said. I found that what trump said made the most sense to me. Mind you that before that month of August I never even knew who Donald Trump was. Being young, tech savvy, and a child of the internet I naturally looked to my online communities for content. I remembered the amazing community on reddit for Ron Paul in the 2012 election (which was literally the only other time I even slightly cared about politics), so I decided to go to reddit and look for the community. This was back when there was no clear single trump subreddit. I used all of the subreddits I found and also other websites like 4chan and such.
I consumed and supported content and genuinely found joy in the community. 
 
Being at a liberal arts college my opinions were not very accepted or appreciated. This was very much the feeling from almost everyone at this time. It was Trump Train vs the world. We who supported him found comfort from our brothers in arms(of memes). The community was wholesome and doing it because we were passionate about it and believed in the cause. At my college I was constantly having debates with other people and winning (mind you that there was no real winner but others logic always seemed to fail against mine). In real life I impacted lots of people and got real support on my campus. Online I impacted countless more. I was essentially as highly involved as I could have been short of being a mod.

I had become extremely passionate about the cause and was invested in it. Every time we as a whole had a victory, I had a victory. The meme magic was there. I genuinely enjoyed what we were doing. We weren't supporting Trump, we were just having fun. Meme magic is real and if you embrace it no matter how little, you can understand how amazing this is.

Other people are out to get us. We have evidence (we had evidence back in 2015 but it wasn't acknowledged by anyone outside our group) that tech giants are trying to oppress us and our cause. Mass media will blatantly lie about stuff. Then people will read the headlines and take it as truth. Then when correcting their lies they will silently correct it and the people who read the old stuff will still treat it as truth. People will lie about stuff. Like how trump had several business bankruptys. These are not personal bankruptcy and only effect the business. They are perfectly normal and a way to protect and care for employees so you don't screw them over while handling the problem. When you realize Trumps had over a hundred businesses and only a few failed it looks less bad. When you realize that the average entrepreneur fails about 6 times before making a successful company it shows how good of a business man trump is. To have over a hundred companies and only have a few fail is amazing. But people still pushed that he went bankrupt repeatedly.

I don't know exactly what my point is here, but I'm trying to express what it's been like and what it took to get to this point. We constantly had to raise hell about problems with other candidates because no big media cared. They constantly assaulted trump over the smallest things where it turned out he was right, while they constantly overlooked massive issues with their own candidates.
Our memes will blot out the sun
Only joined this sub a few weeks ago to, wasn't a trump fan in 2016, but push has come to shove and so here I am.

What kinda redpill supply are we talking about? Have some to PM/share?
Together, no one fails.
All just seems like one long war to me. We've been at war since Trump won the primary, and it hasn't stopped since.
Believe it or not, they census there is that they don’t care about us.
Kekistan enacts the Reddit-Chan Treaty.

The THIRD MEME WAR has begun.
You bet!
TD  could try contacting them but there is no guaruntee that they will do anything. If any of the boards decide to help, it will probably be Pol or B. They might be more willing to share TD content to help get the word out to people.
Light the beacons!
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jDBPmEAheCY](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jDBPmEAheCY)
The hacker named 4chan???? It shall be done.
Cocked and loaded.
Unleash the 'tism for maximum boogaloo?
Mr President I'm tired of winning. I DONT GIVE A DAMN
*The* Charles Martel?
LEAD US, Charles the Hammer!
Who?
It’s a dirty job but somebody’s gotta do it!
If the donald goes down I just won't take social media seriously anymore.  
I'm more concerned about aggregate news sources
Then we will shitpost in the shade.
It's not currently in a nice distributable format yet. 

We are talking about a folder with the potency to turn a San Francisco gay pride parade into the 4th Reich.

I can't in good conscience distribute that to a low level recreational red pill acolyte anyway.
We have worked with them in the past.
(E.g CNN blackmail)
the imageboards are heavily shilled. notice how nobody calls out Iran, China or Russia, only the FBI & CIA? Foreign intel services of our adversaries are actively working to incite rebellion/civil war here in the U.S., as well as undermine support for President Trump.

Start calling them out when you see it.
8chan
I know /pol/ and their community a bit by now. Trust me, they don't like us a bit. They go against free market capitalism, consumerism, liberty, freedom of speech and they are actual racists, seeing blacks and jews as inferior beings. While surely many who claim to be like this are trolls, this is the only real ideology there and i know for a fact that just a minority is trolling.

They are not our friends, allies under certain circumstance at best.
Every time I have lurked there in the past year, the general consensus is against TD and reddit. They’re already shitting themselves because redditors are swapping over
So we are actually in a news conflict.com?
Can't tell if trolling or ignorant. If you post I like vagina you are going to get 20 guys saying how anal sex is the best. They are like fire, if you think you can control or predict it good luck. 4chan was the first spot to support trump because they thought it would be funny. If you post hitler was a fag they will post how wrong you are and a jew if you post how you love hitler they will post how they tricked you. It is all a joke over there.
Gab is a better option. /g/The\_Donald
It's mainly because we delude ourselves here. 

Civic Nationalism is our god, but we don't admit that it only works if everyone plays it. 

Authoritarian ideology, borders, and big government is required to enforce Civic Nationalism.

Take that to the logical conclusion, and /pol/ will find you.
But they're chaotic neutral, they'll fight for us.
Lurk more, you'll learn those boards are flooded with shills who want to sow division amongst the ranks. Then of course the idiots who fall for it, most of the actually reasonable people there will see this as a call to action.
They hate Reddit and Reddit user as a whole, but I don't think they hate TD. Now that we got quarantined, we might get their support to rile up the meme war.
I would say it is more of a databattle.net
>/g/The\_Donald

How do I get there?
Yes, we are over the top about it here, comically so, to kind of offset the extreme negativity and conservative hate in every other corner of the internet. This is one of the places you can publicly say you love our president without getting called a nazi or a fascist or something.       

T\_D is kind of like a caricature. Some of the features are overstated, but it's totally sourced from reality.
I'll still go down w/ the ship.  


It's easier for me to be nihilistic but I've become such a better person because of my rejuvenated nationalism.  


2020 I'll make my decision
rolling that D20 meme die.
Ok anon
They aren't our personal army, as they would say.  They'll help if they want, for the lulz, or they may not.  But if we want work done, we'll have to do it ourselves.
Head to gab . Com \g\The_Donald

I can't link it directly per rules.
Being called a Nazi and a Fascist for being a Former Bernie-Bro and AnCapish Libertarian is what lead me to realizing Aristotole was right, and democracy is a failed god.

We had a Republic before it was slowly destroyed, but it is far too late to fix that now.

3rd Position and Hoppe raise interesting logical questions.
Maybe, but I just had to call out a lunatic in another thread who was legitimately suggesting using the Turner Diaries as a manual to take back the country.
The Honk Pill is the only cure for The Black Pilled.
Democracy is always doomed to failure because in the end it just becomes a contest of who is louder. A republic where power can be distributed evenly is the only way a culture can succeed.
Bring back the monarchy.
I'm far more ambitious at this point. 

We create the Imperium Of Man.
Do you want a plague of frogs?

Because this is how you get a plague of frogs.
[removed]
Right before Mueller testimony.. hmmmm....
You know who a massive share holder owner of Reddit is?

Chyna (read with Trump voice) 

Just sayin
Streisand Effect incoming.
To those new here that have been advised of all the evils contained within, someone is lying to you. Stay a bit and find out who they are.

Once you see what we've seen, you will come to a sad realization it's been hiding in plain view right in front of you for a long time.
We are Quarantined!
soooooo walls work?
Want to know how to prevent this from happening ever again in the future?

  
Create a standard for Open Source Social Media.

One that is a simplified down version of texting (Twitter), a community blog (Reddit), a normal blog (like any news site), video (YouTube), etc.

  
Make it distributed so anyone who runs one or uses one can subscribe to anything they want.

&#x200B;

Make it use BitTorrent to transfer video's (high popularity will run really fast, obscure videos, ehhh)etc ...

&#x200B;

I think a modified/branch of [Usenet](https://www.w3.org/Protocols/rfc850/rfc850.html) with a web interface, messaging, group live chat, and WebTorrent added in might be a good starting point.
Surely there won't be high visibility people on other platforms who will discuss this to their normies!
At least they only quarantined. Can you imagine the pede army revolt had they actually banned us? It’d be the end of Reddit, the main page would be full of randomly upvotes shitposts and they wouldn’t be able to control us!
lol, this election might be even more fun than 2016
man. i take a fuckin break for a month to recharge, and i come back to this shit? BOY OH BOY AM I ALL KINDS OF FUCKING RECHARGED FOR THIS.
I don’t know about you, but I kind of like this new gold QUARANTINED badge on here, it’s like we’re quarantined from all the crazies out there.
# RELEASE THE PEPES
Things grow with resistance... ;)
Nice gross abuse of power Reddit. This is beyond disgusting you would insinuate we would ever condone violence against law enforcement. Yet again you leftists are being the very fascists you claim to hate so much. You admins are truly disgusting scum.
You done goofed.
So what should we do about it? Where do we go now?
Yep, they unsubbed me T_D and I had to log back in and join so I could look at the site again. This is ridiculous censorship. Cant even search for it within reddit anymore, have to enter the web address directly. WTF 🤡🌎
 meme discord up, pm me for invite
Bye bye reddit. No seriously. If you want to censor, fuck off.
Reddit is a total cesspool. Fuck these leftist cucks!!!
No no no, this is just the precursor.....to their biggest fuck up. 
You see, this is just their way of saying, “We banned TD today, because X weeks ago we quarantined them and they continued to break rules.” 
This is a level of faggotry only befit of king cuck, Spez.
Where will we go when this place gets shut down?
The only reason I visit Reddit
Is this sub.
Period
Here because of the Streisand Effect.

Subreddit joined.
Is there a backup sub reddit for the sub reddit in case it gets deleted.
Kick over a ~~hornet's~~ Pepe nest and you are going to get ~~stung~~ memed.
I am sure they do not see it as a problem because they assume we are all bots. The real problem is we are not...and they are most likely going to regret it soon.
This started with a bill that will disproportionately impact rural voters. No different than Yellow Vests in France. The left is entering the era of redlining.
It's going to be like when you try to take down a wasps nest, but instead of them all dying they just spread out and start stinging EVERYBODY.
This glorious Domreddit's collective response to the Admins:

[Dear Reddit Admins...](https://reactiongifs.me/wp-content/uploads/2013/09/black-dynamite-you-done-fucked-up-now.gif)
post on other subs, letting them know what is going on.

\-------------

post on other subs, explaining that you can still access **the\_donald** by going in from you laptop and agreeing that you know it has been quarantined.

&#x200B;

I have a feeling we'll be hearing from our friends on the chan boards about this f\*ckery soon enough...
Do your part: venture forth, post red-pills, sort by Controversial, and upTRUMP red-pills of others.

Reddit asked for this.
The dumb thing is I only ever used Reddit for The Donald. I think I've posted outside of the Donald like 3 times. 

I was contained (quarantined) inside the Donald. 


If they ban the Donald where do they think all those people will go? Will they just stop and forget about trump or will they turn their attention to red pilling the rest of Reddit?
Forget the brakes on the train, now the RAILS ARE GREASED !!!
I've been thinking the same thing. Everyone's talking about it and wanting to see what's up only to read ALL the posts of how this is a setup and makes no sense. The truth will set you free.... Until then, time to post in other subs since this one is "bad". Hope they can handle my alternative veiwpoints.
is it time to bring KEK back?
here comes the fucking shitstorm.
yooo, when trump wins in 2020, Imagine how shitty/salty all of reddit will become
Sure. 

They will pay in court. /s 

I believe this just like I believe Hillary is going to jail.
They totally have. Little do they realize that some people have a certain set of skills that will make life hell for them.
Release the Frogs!
Quietly waiting for 4chan and 8chan to rein fire and brimstone down on Reddit.
*Memes Engaged*
If you want to hurt reddit contact any advertisers and claim you will boycott them for supporting the site
Fuck everything about Carlos Maza. He needs to be banned from every social media site.
not threatening violence btw
Is there a plan in place for something beyond VOAT when Spez just shuts it down?
LETS BOOG SOME LOOS FRENS
I had no clue on mobile that I could access here still on desktop. I was without this sub all day figuring it was gone. While I’m glad I can access on desktop, curious how we are going to make them regret it. We still don’t have a backup plan. At least one I was aware of. Let’s focus on that.
I really don't think they did. I think they can do what ever the fuck they want and nothings going to happen. What can we possibly do? Post some bull shit about it on their plat forum? write a congressman? We can't do anything, they control the narrative because they control the plat forum. We are essential left with our dicks in our hands as far as options go.
If they wanted to demonstrate to a bunch of moderates how heavy-handed generally backfires, they've done an excellent job.

They've just opened up the Internet for all out war.  Time to meme the shit out of them.
Sure sure. Happy talk.
Trump CURSE is real, praise KEK!
W E A R E S T I L L H E R E
redpillin time
Redpill time
That sounds like yet another threat that the noble, heroic, dogooder management of reddit needs to protect us from.
That a Sin City quote I'm seeing?
Not smart
Make sure you spread this far and wide; IMHO they did this to suppress news about Google's election meddling  


[https://www.projectveritas.com/video/insider-blows-whistle-exec-reveals-google-plan-to-prevent-trump-situation-in-2020-on-hidden-cam/](https://www.projectveritas.com/video/insider-blows-whistle-exec-reveals-google-plan-to-prevent-trump-situation-in-2020-on-hidden-cam/)

[https://gohmert.house.gov/news/documentsingle.aspx?DocumentID=399712](https://gohmert.house.gov/news/documentsingle.aspx?DocumentID=399712)
Wanted to croak and all that came out was a HONK.
Fun fact: A group of frogs is called an army!
Hmm, is there an interstate commerce and antitrust lawyer pepe?
We're getting close to a plague of frogs against any tech pharaoh or minion who tries to lay a finger on the scale of fair discussion -- Modern Aaron.
I have read and posted on T_D daily since early 2016 (under different handles).

I have never once seen a threat of violence against law enforcement on this Domreddit.

Further, President Trump himself is the most vocal supporter of law enforcement and the military to occupy the White House in modern history.

The majority of comments I see here regarding police are positive, except in certain threads alleging police brutality/complaining about certain laws.

However, leftists routinely encourage and commit violence against police and other citizens, particularly groups such as BLM and Antifa, which are praised or at least tolerated elsewhere on Reddit.

Reddit is once again applying a double standard and persecuting a large, mainstream community of users for the supposed "crime" of supporting the duly-elected president of the United States.

I make it a point to represent the pro-police perspective 100% of the time, and even in negative threads, to remind people that the actions of a minority are not equivalent to all or even most police officers.

Law enforcement is a crucial function in our society, and literally allows the law, and thus our society and country, to exist.

Cops are human beings, and human nature means sinfulness. However, American police are typically thoroughly vetted during the hiring process, and are usually highly law-abiding and principled individuals, if not perfect.

Anyone who has a problem with certain laws, such as drug laws, civil asset forfeiture, "quorum-busting" laws, etc., should remember that it is called law enforcement, and not law creation, for a reason.
A plague of autists will emerge from the caves
frogger is coming reddit hes coming soon.
They're nerds. They don't understand people. 

Now they learn. Or not, makes no difference.
RELEASE THE PEPHONKS!
The water is making the frogs gay!
I saw a huge one on top of a car earlier today. It is the beginning.
There are redditors who've never heard of TD and would never have come here until they read about our banishment today.  Now they're subscribers.

The Streisand Effect is a beautiful thing.
Well yes and no. Right now, this very moment, and months prior to today, the ***Only*** way to see TD is by coming to TD. So why does it matter you may ask? Seems silly to punish a sub, that’s only there if you look for it. Well you see it’s not a punishment. It’s their way of saying hey, we warned you, (insert bullshit here) again and again, now we are banning the sub. 

At this very moment, goggles ass it hitting the fan and people are angry, spez is a faggot, and conservative groups are being broken up. Why?
Trump 2020 as it is, is a reality l, and they want no part of it.
But if people see why we were quarantined then they can come here and violate rules to ensure T_D is banned.  Deport, deport, deport.
Exactly!!! I’ve been posting in subs all day that I normally wouldn’t even venture into. They’ve definitely made a huge mistake. They won’t get rid of us that easy.
On the eve of the first Dem debate.

It's blatantly obvious what they are doing.
> Right before

The testimony is July 17th. "Right before" is stretching it.
https://www.newsbusters.org/blogs/techwatch/corinne-weaver/2019/02/07/chinese-censorship-company-invests-millions-reddit

Agreed !
Over 32k users here now.
relevant:  


[https://www.projectveritas.com/video/insider-blows-whistle-exec-reveals-google-plan-to-prevent-trump-situation-in-2020-on-hidden-cam/](https://www.projectveritas.com/video/insider-blows-whistle-exec-reveals-google-plan-to-prevent-trump-situation-in-2020-on-hidden-cam/)

[https://gohmert.house.gov/news/documentsingle.aspx?DocumentID=399712](https://gohmert.house.gov/news/documentsingle.aspx?DocumentID=399712)
🤖 MECHA STREISAND ACTIVATE 🤖
[removed]
But only the elites and globalist get walls, and only where they say so.
Yes, but how would such a system work?  How would you prevent people from botting a system like that?  Basically, any system that is completely unmoderated becomes a playground for whoever has the biggest botnet.
Ptp hosting sounds like a good idea
While I think you guys are morons, I do agree this would be a positive thing for the internet.
They're all gloating. This is reddit. They're too stupid to realize that until all thought and expression is exactly as big brother wants it, they will eventually be targeted too.
The ban always comes later, when the users have been dragged through the mud for months or years and had their energies sapped
You overestimate our power once the community is fractured. T_D has no real contingency plan and that should be rallying our efforts to solidify one before its too late.
That's exactly why they only quarantined.   They know that if they only restrict things a little at a time there will be less likelihood that people actually get seriously up set enough to do stuff like spam the rest of reddit.
If only they would have made it a [gold star](https://duckduckgo.com/?q=gold+star+holocaust&t=brave&iax=images&ia=images) and made it appear everywhere we posted on Reddit, it'd be much more in line with their fascist past.
Unfortunately the lunatics brigade us and nothing gets done about them by the admins, only the mods. Remember to report.
https://imgur.com/a/I30HpJW
consequences will never be the same
 

There is a backup page.

type in r / T \_ D 2 but remove all the spaces. When I type it as a link bots tend to automatically remove my comments.
Same! When waterni**as was quarantined, nothing changed for me and I still see its posts on my newsfeed. It still showed up on my news feed and I didn't get unsubbed. This time I had to log into a browser, type in the sub name, agree to enter, then reopen the app. Too many new steps!
Cause them a little harm before you say your farewells. Go have a bit fun before you fuck off.  Shitpost your rare Pepes. Another meme jihad will be a blast.
This. I've been a member of past subs that were quarantined first only to be banned later. That is how the cuck Fagmins of reddit work
Voat
Voat
There is voat but nothing's official. I'm not a fan myself.
Kraken status: unleashed

🐸
Go on reddit, set this army loose...
No one needs to be banned from ANY social media. That's wrong. Everyone deserves a voice no matter what they say. Everyone deserves to hear them even if they sound idiotic. That's free speech.
Don't spread the PV link, reports of accounts getting suspend/banned. Use a mirror.
And also, if I'm not mistaken, the DNC debates are tonight.
No doubt that is why they did it.  

That, plus the ridiculous Media Matters article from yesterday, brought to you by none other than the notorious Carlos Maza, Vox's homosexual super socialist extraordinaire.
I can't help but wonder if this report didn't force the hand of Google to speed up other plans, such as get T\_D banned prior to the election.  Big Tech trying to control us Trump supporters.
And two WOMP WOMPS
Share your ideas. Ideas are only dangerous to those in power if they take root.. and 99.9% of these ideas have taken root and bore fruit.
HONK! HONK!
Isn't honk just a substitute for heil hitler
Kek is real
Or a half-Asian lawyer Pepe?
I'm one of them.
What's td? I'm only here cause the sub got banned for seemingly no reason.
Oh, so you want it to stay quarantined? You do realize how many subs/popularity the subreddit will lose based on the quarantine message and no longer having a direct link on Google Search or the Reddit search?
Sorry if this is ignorant but who is Spez?  I've been seeing that thrown around a lot.
Just when that veritas video is being deleted and covered up left right and centre.

Hmmm...
Dumb that they blew their load so early 


Also infuriating that TD still doesn't seem to have a backup plan 


The mods just need to post a sticky asking for help and they'd get it by the boat load and we'd be well on our way with an alternative to cut over to when the inevitable comes.
they pigs in "1984" had never heard of bacon.. until it was too late.. web masters of the universe take themselves too seriously, just like Orwell's pigs..
If you believe their bullshit metrics
That's interesting, other quarantined subreddits hide that number. I thought maybe something changed with Reddit, but you can go to any other quarantined subreddit right now and that number isn't there. (r slash ice_poseidon is the one I tried. Assuming most folks here don't keep up with quarantined subs thus the example).

I wonder why it's different with just this subreddit. Maybe they made a special type of quarantine for this place?
[removed]
Holy shit, it's been a long time since I've thought of that South Park episode.
Biased? Likely, but we try to call out blatant lies as best we can. Violent? No. Anti-police? No.

Even using your terms, a bit fanatical doesn't warrant quarantine. If that were the case every sub dedicated to a sports team would be quarantined. Unfair discussion? Most would contend that there are plenty of other subs out there that aren't fair in their views.

People aren't mad that we like Trump. They're mad because we're good at liking Trump, we're having fun, and we're making more people like Trump. That seems to be the impetus for the quarantine. That should scare everyone. How long until you're on the "wrong side" and lose your voice?

PS - I upvoted your comment, because I think you just expressed your opinion and did so in a polite way.
That kind of tends to happen when the user base is contained within its own ecosystem for so long. Besides, the sub isn't meant for fair and truthful discussion. It's meant to show support for the president. That's literally its stated purpose. Here we expose the evils of our opponents, which is something you'll see nowhere else. If you don't think these things are evil, then you and I won't get along and there is no reason for discussion.

&#x200B;

By the way, how do you define "truthful"? What lies are you seeing, exactly? Also, how do you justify the condemnation this subreddit receives when it doesn't do anything worse than what you see from certain other subreddits?
We don't pretend to be unbiased. We are upfront about being a 24/7 Trump rally, by Trump supporters, for Trump supporters. Just like a sports team sub or another candidate sub.
Joking aside, I have honestly never seen more hypocrisy in my life than right now, with modern day Liberals. They are the most entitled, touchy fascists who can't bear to live in a world where someone else might have a different opinion. Everything in the world must change to suit them. They're all so precious. Oh their little feelings.
how dare you block the DNC's new voters from entering your fine land!
There is this new thing called e-mail maybe you have heard of it ...  ;-) don't they have spam filters.Here, people can vote down what ever they want and I think the people eventually disappear from the comments.

We can implement a verified user system much  like an email address is a unique ID, a user on this system would be the same.

&#x200B;

I could go on ... but it is all solvable.  


Not sure why [this did not show up here](https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/c5vbxm/the_donald_has_been_quarantined_do_you_want_to/) in T D
Blockchain tech erases this problem
Well, instead of being pushed all the stuff from everyone, YOU decide which things you want to read. No blacklist, just whitelists.  
From that first person you trust, you read about other person to trust, or community to trust.  
  
Essentially, as long as you control it, then they don't have the control.
They actually think they're "fighting the man" while they side with the FBI, Google, the MSM (they're coming around on Fox nowadays), Reddit, Hillary Clinton, and a bunch of other lifelong politicians.
Highest energy Dom with Highest energy users.  They hoped we would 'lose steam' after the 2016 election finished.  This train not only has no breaks, it runs on rebellion and based-ness.  This kind of treatment gets our juices flowing.  They have no idea how to sap our High Energy.

spezit: spelling
They already do with masstagger
Backtraced!
They'll just disappear that one too.  We need a new place to go, something that's a lot more decentralized and harder to control.
I agree with 1 exception. Anyone who is calling for people to be kicked off social media should be kicked off social media. 

Everyone deserves to not be shot but they give up that right when they start shooting at you.
Congressional website work?

[https://gohmert.house.gov/news/documentsingle.aspx?DocumentID=399712](https://gohmert.house.gov/news/documentsingle.aspx?DocumentID=399712)  


Edit: I don't mind getting banned. I usually kill my account once a year and reopen to prevent doxing.
are people really getting banned for spreading the P.V. link? wow that's alarming
[deleted]
Èveryone there is a Democrat! Nope, nope, nope.
Shadilay
CHOO CHOO welcome to the Trump train
Great to have you.  Welcome.
Here's some secret info for the new people. People reading this, feel free copying and pasting this in various posts to spread. Send it to liberals your arguing with online and friends and family in real life, and maybe they will come around, maybe not immediately, but will cause them to think, and eventually they will come around. This is where all this Leftist cray comes from:

In the early 1900s, a group at the Frankfurt School developed Critical Theory to convert the West to Communism

Basically, the Frankfurt School plan was to undermine the Judaeo-Christian legacy. They called for the most negative destructive criticism possible of every sphere of life to de-stabilize society and destroy what they saw as the 'oppressive' order. 

They hoped their policies would spread like a virus--'continuing the work of the Western Marxists by other means' as one of their members noted.

To further the advance of their 'quiet' cultural revolution - but giving us no idea about their plans for the future - the School recommended (among other things):

 1. The creation of racism offences.

 2. Continual change to create confusion

 3. The teaching of sex and homosexuality to children

 4. The undermining of schools' and teachers' authority

 5. Huge immigration to destroy identity.

 6. The promotion of excessive drinking

 7. Emptying of churches

 8. An unreliable legal system with bias against victims of crime

 9. Creating dependency on the state or state benefits

 10. Control and dumbing down of media

 11. Encouraging the breakdown of the family

One of the main ideas of the Frankfurt School was to exploit Freud's idea of 'pansexualism' - the search for pleasure, the exploitation of the differences between the sexes, the overthrowing of traditional relationships between men and women. To further their aims they would:

*attack the authority of the father, deny the specific roles of father and mother, and wrest away from families their rights as primary educators of their children.

*abolish differences in the education of boys and girls

*abolish all forms of male dominance - hence the presence of women in the armed forces

*declare women to be an 'oppressed class' and men oppressors 

Following Adolf Hitler's rise to power in 1933, the Institute left Germany for Geneva, before moving to New York City in 1935, where it became affiliated with Columbia University.
Welcome to the sub please stick around and see for yourself what goes on here, we do not care about your race, or sexual orientation, or any of the other identity politics categories. Get this patriot a coat!!
Welcome.
Get this patriot a coat

&#x200B;

and a brick
Get this man a coat! And a brick while we're at it! And what the hey, jump aboard the Trump Train!
welcome new pede
You’ll be in for a surprise, as you find out this place isn’t what leftists like to claim it is
Out-standing!!!

&#x200B;

Welcome!
I must warn you. There are no brakes on this train.
Get this man a coat and a brick!
Could you tell us a little bit about that? 

 * What was your opinion of this wonderful place before the quarantine? 
 * How was the reality different from your preconceptions? 
 * What is your opinion now?

Welcome to TD, grab a coat, a brick (for the wall, not any means of ridiculous violence!), and board the train!
Welcome to one of the last places online where you can get actual real news.  No really, I'm fairly centrist and this place is way more actually accurate than CNN etc.
Someone give this Patriot a coat!
Welcome. There really isn't violence against police here. Fake news!
Invite friends!  Tell all far and wide
YES! welcome. so nice to see you!!
Get this man a coat!!
get this man a coat
GET THIS MAN A COAT!!!
Welcome!
We're a sort of perpetual Donald Trump rally. We were quarantined because Reddit leans politically left and the site is afraid of the impact we can have on the 2020 election. We knew this was coming, but we're still pretty unhappy about it. Quarantine, in Reddit terms, is a prelude to deletion.

Anyway, welcome.
You sound angry.

Also, you're assuming things I never said or even implied. That's cool.

Also, don't kid yourself. The only thing that follows quarantine is memory hole banishment forever. They've been looking for any excuse to get rid of us for years, and there was no way they were going to let us beat the pro-Trump drum all through 2020.  Get real dude.

Don't believe me? Look at the last dozen subs that were banned. Exact. Same. Pattern. There's no going back from this.
Use DuckDuckGo and a link to The\_Donald comes right up!
CEO of Reddit.  Goes by the name of Spez.
[https://www.projectveritas.com/video/insider-blows-whistle-exec-reveals-google-plan-to-prevent-trump-situation-in-2020-on-hidden-cam/](https://www.projectveritas.com/video/insider-blows-whistle-exec-reveals-google-plan-to-prevent-trump-situation-in-2020-on-hidden-cam/)

[https://gohmert.house.gov/news/documentsingle.aspx?DocumentID=399712](https://gohmert.house.gov/news/documentsingle.aspx?DocumentID=399712)
Pardon me, friend, but there is no Project Veritas tape. There never was. Don't be silly, friend.
Damn Chinese pigs.

Hello, UBS.
46,000 now
Lmao this loser literally works at Starbucks.
Yeah man. Old school South Park is a national treasure
Exactly. You wouldn't go on a Bengal's sub and post about the browns. 

We are here to counteract all the hate that is directed at our President and ourselves. Just about any other site/sub/whatever is against us and calling us all kinds of awful things. Even a knitting site banned positive talk of President Trump and his supporters. Not to mention the video of Googlaug wanting to sway the election in 2020. This is really getting scary. It should bother every single freedom loving American.
>They are the most entitled, touchy fascists who can't bear to live in a world where someone else might have a different opinion. 

.. what?  The Donald bans anyone with a dissenting opinion.  Do you even know what sub you're on?
Email verification... My god! He's done it!
Something like word of mouth to spread ideas
These people are fucked. I already spend 4 to 4 hours here a day. I will be up even more of my free and personal time trying to do anything and everything I can to combat these morons.
**A big "Thank You" goes out to Louie Gohmert (R-TX-01) you bad-ass motherfucker. I love you.**
Same, just wanted to give a heads up. Good work out there pede!
They were banning accounts for sharing information about the NZ massacre.

It's not below them.

They're authoritarian dickbags.
Don't know for a fact but seen reports of it, better safe than sorry.
If you look at the_donald Twitter screenshot it has PV links removed in there.
PV link just means a direct link to Project Veritas's website. Use the house.gov link to spread the video.
where are the brakes on this train...
WE JUST CAN'T STOP WINNING, FOLKS! THE TRUMP TRAIN JUST GOT 10 BILLION MPH FASTER! CURRENT SPEED: 323,899,385,117,000 MPH! At that rate, it would take approximately 5.181 years to travel to the Andromeda Galaxy (2.5 million light-years)!
Post-modernism is a nice sanitised product of Cultural Marxism, they're very similar.

Both attempt to regard society as a social construct and ignore or do not want to consider inherent biological differences.

As a result, they attempt to use the idea everything is a social construct to justify destroying everything - and remaking it in an image which they think is more desirable.

It is an Anti-West ideology.
Stop saying "Judaeo Christian", that's a recent term made up by the very same people you are talking about.  There IS NO JUDAEO CHRISTIAN legacy.  There's a Judaeo legacy and a Christian legacy, and they are two totally separate things.
Quad damage....   :-(
CANt  STOP WINNING! All aboard the Trump train. At this point the train is traveling 100billion Mike’s an hour. At that speed we’ll maje it to the andromeda galaxy faster than joe Biden will sniff your niece if in the same room
All our bots are belong to death

F
Coat & brick bot dead because of the quarantine?
**Get this patriot a brick!!!** That's 177,645 bricks handed out. At this rate we'll have enough bricks to finish the wall and a safe space for the democrats to cry in when they lose again in 2020!
First of all, I'm from across the pond so you might think I don't have a dog in this race, but you'd be wrong. Working class background, for many years a typical Labour voter, believes in equal opportunities for all.

My side's lurch to the far left, together with their embracing of political correctness and equality of outcome, has left me behind. Their control of the media is alarming. I've been watching the culling of right leaning social media accounts with disgust. They're playing dirty and that rustles my jimmies.

We might disagree on some things but I'm putting that to one side, at least until the far left madness is stopped.
It's really ridiculous how a subreddit about our president is banned... it's not even like you guys are remotely dangerous. It's just the president...
Yeah you are right, I may have been projecting my anger against Reddit towards you. Sorry about that, mate :(
A super cuck,.. literally used his reddit access to eddit  one of our posts to something bad.....yeah u read that right, duckduckgo that shit
47,301 winners currently online.
[removed]
"The Death Camp of Tolerance" is some of the greatest comedy that ever aired on TV.  And it was surprisingly prophetic.  

Also, "Make Love, Not Warcraft" was funny as hell if you've ever played World of Warcraft.
Do you? Lol
I copied and pasted this from above, cause I didn't want to rewrite it all... 

You wouldn't go on a Bengal's sub and post about the browns. 

We are here to counteract all the hate that is directed at our President and ourselves. Just about any other site/sub/whatever is against us and calling us all kinds of awful things. Even a knitting site banned positive talk of President Trump and his supporters. Not to mention the video of Googlaug wanting to sway the election in 2020.

 This is really getting scary. It should bother every single freedom loving American.
Kinda. But let's say it's Reddit, but there is no /all and no /popular.  
Then you hear about td, so you sub to td. You just get td in your feed.  
td is a collection of people, like the mods, who all have approved each others, they make a td user that they all approve, you follow one mod, you get the content from the mod, and from td (until you approve it). The td user is just a bot that repeat whatever people bounce off of it. The mods then just ban whomever they want from bouncing messages from the bot. Then just add votes and you've got reddit. People "message the bot" to vote. Then, obviously, the only thing that remain is config your client to just get the td messages every couple of hours. This is then cached locally, and only those passing a threshold are shown to you. You get all the spam too, but it's being sorted one the client, by the algorithm YOU choose, but only the content from td you subscribed to.  
  
It might take a wee bit more data, and you'd have to archive anything older than a day.  
  
Or we could just do usenets or irc anyways.
Just like GEOTUS does not need an exit strategy we don't need brakes.
Negative brakes... Only go faster
I have no problem changing it. Can you tell me the difference? My religious knowledge is lacking. What should I change it to?
This, unless you're deliberately trolling neocon boomers.
We are hellenic christian
F
Omg... they killed our poor bots!
good bot :D
Hahahaaa

I'm also from the UK and traditionally a labour voter. I've been here (on the sub) since 2016 :P

Pretty much the same for me. I came here after a friend rebutted something I said about Trump back when all I knew was the media narrative. How my eyes were opened.
Previous two presidents created wars. Current president pulling troops out. Peace talks with N Korea. Giving Iran another chance. 

Of course the war-loving mainstream media wants you to think he's "dangerous" and "crazy".

https://youtu.be/agSUiItNzz8
It's cool man. No worries. It's been a rough day for the Dom and there's a lot at stake here. I get it. ❤️
ARE WE GETTING TIRED OF WINNING YET FOLKS?
That’s a pretty big jab bro. You make minimum wage, which isn’t even enough to live comfortably. And will never move up.

Eating some Taco Bell right now. How’s it feel knowing even a lowly luxury is something you can’t afford?
NO BRAKES
That poster is wrong. It’s ridiculous to claim there is no such thing as “Judeo-Christian.” The reason that they are recognized together is because they share the Old Testament and because Jesus was a Jew.
Sorry, didn't mean to come off as a dick, its mainly just a pet peeve of mine.  It's a 20th century term used by Zionists to intertwine the two religions and legacies when in reality they couldn't be further apart.  Jews reject Christ, they reject everything about the new Testament, so it's amazing to me how many people lump them together as if they were two peas in a pod.  The U.S. was founded on Christian principles.  The "Judaeo" legacy includes cultural Marxism and all the societal evils that you addressed in your post.  Their legacy is to undermine Christian principles in every form and that is what they have been trying to do for hundreds of years.

Who do you think made up most of the Frankfurt School?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5D8OxrSZZU8

Documentary on Mount Athos, a Greek Orthodox monk sanctuary in Northern Greece, close to Thessaloniki. It has been in unbroken ritual for over 1,000 years, and has direct lineage to the church of 100 AD.
THIS.MEMES.WAR!!!!!!
Monsters!
Those Bastards!
You have received a Coat of Bricks
Never forget what they did to our bots!
I never get tired of being on the winning side!

MAGA 2020
Apparently the bots are gone   :(
No bots, no spez key, no cute headers, no stickies, no crossposts, no mod recaps? It'll be like going camping, where even crappy Dinty Moore stew tastes good. We can rough it - we're not leftist snowflakes!
Wait they killed brick bot holy shit he was innocent all he wanted was to build the wall 😭
So are the aminated up down votes and our winking president.
[removed]
I like the cut of your jib!
They took our fucking BOTS??? Ohhhh... there will be hell to pay for this...
Cheesemaker Bot just WANTED TO MAKE CHEESE! 😢
We need a MOAB

Calling MOAB bot...
Fucking F
I never see things like that on my phone, but I use the website page, not the app. The less apps on my phone the better.
That's it. They've gone too far.
No MOABs. The enemy has the upper hand now. We need to pull together to win the next Great Meme War.
That was really, really, really crigey. Good Lord.
They all mentioned infrastructure projects in Guatemala, not a single one mentioned infrastructure in the USA.
All those illegal aliens voting do so, also, in the primaries.

I guess nobody explained "Super Delegates" to them.
This country will be Nuevo Mexico Del Norte in 5-10 years. They’re coming in unchecked. We cater to their every need. We are going broke housing, feeding, educating and treating them.  There are already 30-50+ million here.
Correction. They were attempting to speak Spanish. For someone who grew up just across the border from Juarez who has embraced the moniker "Beto" to self-identify as Hispanic vs. Irish, Robert O'Rourke really mangled his Spanish grammar in several obvious instances.
Time to introduce a bill to make English the official language.
well... yeah
What's funny is they only answered like one random question in Spanish. What the heck did that accomplish besides make people go "wtf?"
They are idiots but for the record we had full segments in Spanish last year. Little Marco and Lion Yes exchanges will be re-watched for centuries.
Seeing as the US will be a Hispanic country in 20 years, they basically are.
good. Now all the predominantly spanish speaking people might wake up to his pandering nonsense.
Eh, they don’t care about pandering. They’re smart enough to know these hacks and frauds will help them get free shit without playing by the rules
So what? If the blatant censorship of the right-wing over the last few years hasn't woken people up, why would this time be different?
Wow I missed the part earlier that said that the admins also deleted the posts.  Does that mean that if a few people make a few alt accounts and make hateful posts on other subs like the liberal ones or Antifa ones then those subs will get quarantined too?
Trump is always aware. Just gotta have faith. There's always been rumors that Trump & Company post/lurk here and on 4pol/8pol. If you dig deep enough you can find photo evidence. Ive seen the evidence and believe his camp does post on pol
I think Jr. is a regular user on here. Hi Jr.!
Honestly, don't mean to concern troll, but if something doesn't get done about these social media abuses soon, I will get very disillusioned.
What was the post?
Well, american 1st ammendment being effectively nullified by a bunch of irish, chinese and indian twats....  and nothing is happening.
🤡🌎
People are starting to get tired of this. We all know they are aware of what's going on. Tweets etc mean literally nothing, these big tech companies need taken down.

I'm not sure what the best course of action for us normal people is. I personally got rid of Twitter and Facebook, but I'm not sure this solves anything because if we all leave these platforms our message won't spread at all.
[removed]
I’ve honestly never ever seen 1 violent post or any violent calls to action to hurt innocent people and I’ve been here from the start of this sub??? 

What EXACTLY are these lefty loonies going on about NOW?? Ironic that this is also happening after Project Veritas video about Google Cencorship came out.  🤦‍♀️
[removed]
[removed]
Over the past month, t\_d mods did over 83,000 mod actions. reddit admins did 135. On tens of thousands of comments per day.
the left got caught doing this several times in the past but our admins were too swift in deleting them.
You don't even have to make alts, just scroll through the lefty subs and you can find legitimate posts from users on the other side calling for violence against police.
Anyone know how to reach Brad Parscale to ask about setting up a discussion forum on the campaign website?

At least as a backup option. I know it's good to have full scope on Reddit so we can draw in normies who are peeking over the plantation fence. 

Still, if they don't find us here one day (well, they won't now, since we're blocked from search results), they might go straight to the main campaign site.
Tell Kimberly we said hello too!
You are not CTing. The real government needs to step in and either shut down the entire platform of all these sneaky bastards or make sure we all have our voice.
Social media and tech giants are mostly afraid of people leaving their platforms, 1 person leaving won't do much.

Need to find out how to get a mass exodus
What do you mean?
We just have to take their word for it
Media matters ran a story, they screencapped posts by some regulars.
Sounds like foreign interference with our elections. The left feels very strongly of this considering they went on with "muh russia" for 2 years so they must be very concerned /s
what?
I agree to a point. Support the enemy and get shadowbanned, downvoted, defriended etc... or ignore and delete your account and not have a voice?

Idk what’s worse, all I know is if you’re conservative and lean to the right you’re not welcomed on social media or the internet in general. It’s fucked and wouldn’t wish this kind of treatment for the other side. I believe in free speech and debate. Not silencing your opponent.
There is a war against us and tech giants and MSM are their greatest weapons. They're not after President Trump, they are after you, me, anyone that stands in their way of their total leftist political agenda.

We are the threat, and we're a greater threat to them than our POTUS in my opinion.
But we have jerbs!
Advocating violence!  Look everyone, this one's advocating violence!  Look!

See?  Nobody cares.
> But only on weekends because work. 

That's basically what the yellow vests are doing.
Even under those conditions...violets is still violets...maybe a hard sidewalk chalking is in order?
Yup.  That was a totally rhetorical question.  This is just another "Rules for thee, but not for me" moment
Just a heads up, we have mods, admins are for reddit overall.
I'm not even in the US, but watching from afar. It's a damn shame, and I fear that at this point, no matter who wins 2020, there's going to be violence and upheaval. And all because of some ivory tower, silicon valley and mainstream media leftists, who have been doing this shit blatantly under everyone's nose for years; and nothing seems to be getting done about it. Godspeed mate, I know it'll all be alright in the end, I guess the night is darkest before the dawn.
Well, the far left is never going to leave Reddit, they want it to become an echo chamber. But the problem for right-leaning people is that there's no viable alternative. Legal intervention really is the only option left imo.
The one that got us quarantined
I agree with you 100% but one look at the rest of Reddit tells me the other side aren't looking for debate or compromise. I really don't know what the solution is right now but I know the censorship doesn't stop here.
Yeah, I really can't think of a line to cross at this point that I wouldn't applaud. Literally nothing left to lose.
This has always been the lamest of excuses.
Coach Z..? Is that you?
I knew that, but I actually did laugh when I read it. Anyway, it's be an honor shitposting here. We'll see what the future holds. Reddit is not the end all, be all and this will make us even stronger
The desperation on the left is showing. We will come out of this in good shape. Thanks for posting what is now seemingly obvious to the rest of the world.
If by violence you mean a bunch of lesbos wearing racist genitalia on their heads and howling in the street, otherwise they aren't going to do shit.
When one sub triggers an entire website...
No one knows. Super legit, right?
It’s only the beginning my brother.
Anything non-violent and I'm all for it...gotta put that disclaimer there.

Hit em where it hurts and keep posting revealing videos of their liberal bullshit. Meme war 2.0
It's always the one I hear the most. Meanwhile the yellow vests protest for several months despite having jobs. It's apathy, people think if they talk about it on the internet they are doing something so they don't have to go further.
It isn't though. It just means that if things fall apart it will be precipitous.

Hippies with no jobs live off the productive though welfare and protest constantly. The working class revolting is the real deal and only happens when starvation levels kick in.
Either they ban us and open the floodgates of eternal autism onto the rest of reddit...


Or they go back to the normal status quo where we mind our own business here.  


Their call.
Im still in the minority sadly. Slowly but surely i am administering minor doses of the red pill to everyone around me. The other week i was having a beer with my Indian roommate and convinced him that gun ownership is good and gave him examples of mainstream media lying. A week before that I convinced a guy from San fucking Francisco that illegal immigration is an exploitative scheme that asshole business owners take advantage of to pay slave wages. Getting there, slowly and patitently.
I remember thinking it was over the top false flagging when I saw it. Something about armed revolution. Although to be fair, I thought it was one of the OR Republicans who said it.
It was all an excuse.
Post it in other subreddits or there is no point.
Or, you know, protesting a shitty website isn’t at the top of my list of things to do when I have free time.
I mean, it doesn't help that we are spread out over a huge land mass.
Good job, Pede.
Instantly blue arrowed by blue haired, blue checkmark loving cucks. Where can you even post anything pro-trump outside of here without getting downvoted instantly?
This community is only the most effective way to help support our president's agenda, so in no way should having your voice be slowly censored to the point of having no power at all worry you!
It's not about the website or the_Donald, it's a political war and they're winning.
Doesn't matter if you get downvoted or removed. The point is to make it hard for them to exist in echo-chambers without us constantly being there by the dozens on every post.
The most effective way... on Reddit.
No they’re not. A lot of people are that stupid but not enough of them.
Truth, I like your approach. redacted seems like a fun place to start. I need to start frequenting there every 8 minutes
*On the Internet.

Unless you think some other site's community has had a bigger influence. Twitter? Lol there's nothing organized there and it's primarily single users no groups. Facebook? Primarily boomers use it now. YouTube? It's primarily single users not a community.
You think so? What do you think our ability to influence political opinions will be when anything right of neocon is banned from all media and platforms?
Whats the spanish word for douchebag?
Butthead O'Rourke repeating himself in spanish, a strategy learned from grade school stretching a 30 second presentation into 2 minutes.
Whats the spanish word for "AMERICA FIRST, A NATION FOUNDED IN THE ENGLISH LANGUAGE"?
Pandering. What a douche.
Pancho Vanilla rides again
The king of the cucks
The entire debate was a national embarrassment
Can we get the Beto bot reinstated by any chance?
They only spoke a bit of English in case some Americans were watching.  They  are speaking to their new voters...
I'm sorry, I thought this was America!
went pretty much as I [expected](https://media.giphy.com/media/26FPy3QZQqGtDcrja/giphy.gif)
B-E-T-O
cabrón is a good multipurpose word
not sure about dbag but you'd say "No Mames" to this guy, meaning go fck yourself or you're full of shit you prick in slang.
Only familiar with the Irish Gaelic tanslation: Francis O'Rourke
TRUMP
XDDDDD
Beto? You mean Robert Francis O’Rourke??? beep boop
Touché
Douché
I tweeted this at him.  These things should just happen enmasse.
Gab.
This is the biggest fundraising opportunity in the making if done right, so long as the idiots running the GOP have no involvement bc they ruin everything they touch and have besmirched the President and Flotus name. I'm disgusted with the faux letters with facimile signatures.
I work very hard for a living and enjoyed donating until they got involved. Bunch of scientology flunkies amateurs.
4chan/8chan still working great.
[Freerepublic.com](https://Freerepublic.com).  Is the flagship conservative site on the internet, but it has an archaic interface and probably can't handle us all. Also, they frown on the potty mouth language we have here. But they are trump supporters like us!
Are they confusing us with another sub?  I'm reading T\_D every day and I never see any threats of violence against police or public officials.  Though I've seen plenty of threats against police and public officials from the left in lots of other places on the internet.
Saidit
funny how I just got put in jail in facebook today also.  HMMMM Coincidence?
#CONTINUE 

The meme warfare
BUILD IT AND THEY WILL COME

reddit.whitehouse.gov
Since when do they list the "offenses" on the quarantine page? Seems fishy.
I am currently using Parler. Mostly conservatives, pro life pro 2a pro 1a.
Go to Godlikeproductions. ITs not all pro trump, but its open dialogue.
[removed]
Gab has no phone app.  Apple and Google block it, that's why gab will never go anywhere
What about a social media service on the President Trump campaign server?
[removed]
Gab would take off like a rocket it POTUS would make a post there.
gab is a twitter alternative. now we need a reddit alternative.
Isn't Jordan Peterson launching a platform soon?
Halfchan is cucked. Maybe with a great migration that can change. 8chan is far too redpilled for most users here. Gab is probably the best alternative right now.
I haven't tried 8chan but I read somewhere it's the same interface as Reddit, that true?
Oh lord, that site looks like it was made in 1998. It hurts my eyes!
Yeah let's not advertise in favor of a site that can't even handle basic web design.  

Not to mention their, "frowning" of language.
>  I'm reading T_D every day and I never see any threats of violence against police or public officials.

Reddit is the most anti-LEO place on the internet. I see open calls and support to "assault cops" in the more Leftist subs. T_D is one of the VERY few pro-LEO subs (dom).
No they aren't, they just don't like us and are worried that they'll lose 2020 so they are in full damage control shut anybody who likes Trump down mode
what this is about is preventing a trump win in 2020. it's election interference, full stop.
Memedit
Have you tried Steemit? I used it for a week or so a while back.
Doing the Lord's work
fuck-reddit.whitehouse.gov
> I am currently using Parler

Likes and dislikes?
Didn’t realize, you realize how retarded that would be right? I guess it takes a retard to think like one
Imagine being this dumb.
> Gab has no phone app. Apple and Google block it, that's why gab will never go anywhere

Oh, what the fuck... That's some bullshit. I don't use social media on phone apps so I don't know about any of this stuff, but if Gab apps are blocked, I can't imagine they'd allow voat apps either.

Could use matrix, riot.im. I don't know much about that site though.
That's kind of bullshit, android you can still load apps even if they aren't available in the app store. Tougher with Apple, have to be jailbroken (not that that's hard, but not as quick as "allow unknown apps.")  They should still have apps. 

Though I guess you can just link right to their mobile site if you want to view off a phone.
Apps are for grandma's, mobile page is where it's at.
They're moving to a mastodon based system soon, which has tons of apps available.
That's something they'd need to have put together before 2016, but that also isn't really their biz.. But we need to do our part in supporting alt tech, and there really is no reason why we all haven't flocked to Gab, barked at the CEO and support accounts to fix bugs XYZ, etc.. we're lazy in that regard.
Ehh I feel it’d be an easy target for people to make out his supporters are a whole bunch of things by posting fake shit or even worse things, that’d be directly connected to him.
No. B/c then the same stuff that got this sub quarantined will be used against us and the campaign. It needs to be on a third party, anti censorship platform. Let us do us. I’d be fine if it had this exact format.
This platform for all things trump needs to have adverts for USA made goods and gold that goes to building the wall.
Voat sucks ass. Bunch of little keyboard commandos spewing hate against Jews and blacks. There has to be something better than that!
No, it's not. Gab doesn't have twitter's censorship and it's more community-based than individual/celebrity-based. I actually like Gab a lot.
Voat is racist as hell. I will never move to voat.
Their CEO is young and ambitious, a great thing to have in a tech venture. There would be an all out effort to crash Gab's servers on a daily basis, and I am not so sure they could handle what would come. They get enough bullshit as is, even if they are somewhat under the radar. People just don't take them that seriously
I could be wrong, but I thought his startup was more of a payment processor.  I remember him talking about it at length with Dave Rubin.
No app.
> 8chan is far too redpilled for most users here

Examples?
No, other than being an imageboard, there's not much that is similar.
Lurk there. If you’re not a fag and are not easily triggered, you could learn a lot. Not necessarily what ideas they spread. Just how different it is from the rest of the internet. Go to both /pol/ and /leftypol/.
It was designed in 1998. Lol. They are called freepers, basically the forefathers of pedes. It’s an archaic site but big trump supporters and the owner Jim Robinson has no time for trolls. You don’t support Trump you get Zotted.
No but I will, did you like saidit?
It does have a working app, USA/Trump supporters, did not back down from Apple trying to force blocking certain speech. 

The only downside so far is alot of people that have squiggly lines as their writing language.
But we can block them.
What did it say, give me the goss man.
phones have browsers
But we need the grandmas too
I personally prefer an app for most content as it allows me to segregate the content I consume. At least on mobile that is.
> fix bugs XYZ

What are the bugs in the interface?
> by posting fake shit 

Good point, fellow Pede, all those unemployed leftist media cucks would be posting fake shit full-time.
> will be used against us and the campaign

At that point, it would most definitely be campaign interference. 

> It needs to be on a third party, anti censorship platform.

Suggestion?
What he means is that its *format* is that of twitter.  It's not a discussion forum, it's a place for people to stand on their own soapboxes. What makes Reddit unique is the format that prevents people from throwing out upvoted insults and walking away because the rebuttal is slid and hidden.  We can counter the bullshit on the very next line and the person has to *choose* to avoid it, the system itself doesn't hide it due to volume.
I think we should support Gab, ive already made one, but I don't think it rrally replicates the organization our community has here on reddit. For that sort of community structure, Voat is almost the same as Reddit.
It's racist as hell right now, yes. There aren't enough users on the site to drown out the bullshit. If we all move over to Voat we can drown out the racist shit.
I reckon that if we had a coordinated effort to move to Voat, we could reform it for the better. 
But that would take far to much effort and time to be a good use of our time
> payment processor

We need one of those too, paypal is cucked.
That could easily be fixed for a couple of thousand dollars.
I shouldn’t have said “redpilled”. Maybe more like too gnarly.
Well, that's good to know!
Something along the lines of not everyone subbed to this reddit supoorts donald trump. Didnt really make any sense.
It's an always evolving product, so things come and go. Infinite scroll could go deeper, saving memes while on PC requires an extra click, etc. I complain and move on :) they've got some update to the interface coming out in July 4th that is supposed to be big
Well, on reddit you can choose to disable notifications. But, yeah, I get what you're saying. 

Although, Reddit and reddit-like websites also have the problem of controlling the narrative through their upvote system and algorithm which shifts popular opinions to the top of discussion. It's because of this that I've always been a fan of sorting by controversial. At least on sites like twitter and gab it's harder to completely silence people through downvotes (*I think*, at least).
You can't legitimize a place that's already tainted.
People at voat don't want us.
Use Bitcoin...


Bitcoin=Freedom. Fuck the cuck banks
Most likely an NPC.
The problem on twitter/gab is that comments get slid simply because of *volume*.  Imagine if Reddit automatically collapsed any thread after the third reply.  You wouldn't know which chains were active discussions, which were circlejerks, which were worthless, and you damn sure wouldn't ever find a jewel of a comment 10 layers down because no one would ever look that far down.

What Reddit offers is comment *trees*. Twitter's interface is linear.  It's designed to work best on mobile.  Reddit is still best experienced on a computer where you can get a feel for whether a discussion is active or not.
Most countries in the world were at one point tainted by racism. And now I would argue they are not. I would say it would be a public duty to down-voat them all to a new platform, more hidden.
I mean, you can, but nobody really wants to go there and be the first to start drowning the racism out
 And wth do you think of reddit?  Public forum is public
Bitcoin is too risky now. Eventually, a blockchain or tangle currency will emerge.
There’s good and bad features from reddit, chans, voat, and older stuff like digg, slashdot, and forums, that could all be sourced into a new format. The time is ripe for a competitor, it just takes a lot of work and server strength. And money.
I think reddit is a leftist controlled entity that had to pretend it was impartial while slowly turning up the temperature (aka cook the frog) until they could make this happen.
You can use a stable coin like Dai which is pegged to the USD to transfer money to anyone anywhere and anytime you want.  There are other stable coins but none is decentralized as far as I know.

Dai can be directly converted to USD
I disagree, not that Reddit is leftist, but that it always was.  Reddit was libertarian-leaning until around the time Tumblr started going to shit.  Then the tumblrinas migrated here and started turning the actually-once-balanced political communities into the shitholes we now know as politics and politicalhumor
The old academic based reddit from long long ago... I think few people apart from yourself and myself remember. It used to be about science and learning.
Goddamnit this is perfect!
**TOPPEST OF KEK!**
Made me ~~smile~~ smirk
I am here to make meme's and chew bubble gum

and I'm all out of bubble gum!
Seems about right
I'm not crying, you're crying!
A work of art. Praise kek!
This is so damn wholesome.  

I love it. :)
I’m but a simple man, wanting to Make America Great Again.
I came here to chew bubblegum and post memes
The wall just got TEN. FEET. TALLER.
MAGA!!!
Just a frog with a dream...
I'm not sure about the rest of you, but I keep my glasses on all the time.
Fuck yeah
Amazing.
Can confirm.  Scarily accurate.  GET OUT OF MY HEAD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Second one needs to be robot Pepe
This made me far to happy.
That smirk is literally Hitler.
Wish I could upvote it more than once.
Shadilay!!!!
> smirk  

*MSNBC wants to know your location*
ZOMG DID THAT WHITE GUY JUST FUCKING SMIRK?!?!?!

REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!
First night of the Dem debates. They fear the coming meme war.
Streisand Effect this, Spez:  


[https://www.projectveritas.com/video/insider-blows-whistle-exec-reveals-google-plan-to-prevent-trump-situation-in-2020-on-hidden-cam/](https://www.projectveritas.com/video/insider-blows-whistle-exec-reveals-google-plan-to-prevent-trump-situation-in-2020-on-hidden-cam/)

[https://gohmert.house.gov/news/documentsingle.aspx?DocumentID=399712](https://gohmert.house.gov/news/documentsingle.aspx?DocumentID=399712)
I saw 50k earlier
Multiply that number by the factor of your choice. It would be ridiculous to think reddit doesn't cook the numbers.
[removed]
They will never take our freedom!
Yet only 7 comments after an hour. Hmm....
Reddit admins are like, “quick, nerf the online count so it looks abandoned!”
We mad
They can suppress us, they can quarantine us, they can even ban us, but they will never take our ENERGY
I am absolutely fucking livid right now. 

This is crystal fucking clear political censorship to anyone with their fucking eyes open.
more like 6 million.
Hmm, wonder if that’s just our normal number, but the quarantine broke their number manipulation, like the time they made every post in the Donald the top of /all
I am pissed! Hope this backfires on them!
Yep, I was pretty fired up this morning when I saw the quarantine bs and still am!
apparently Reddit has never heard of the Trump Curse, every time someone betrays him, they get taken down
This is the memo that outlines the tactics of ShareBlue -

https://www.scribd.com/document/337535680/Full-David-Brock-Confidential-Memo-On-Fighting-Trump

ShareBlue is Media Matters. Media Matters is directly funded by George Soros.

This is not a conspiracy theory. Wikipedia it.

Media Matters recently posted this article

https://i.redd.it/d66ejjlynq631.png

that cherry picked comments (that were possibly planted on T_D) as pretext for the banning of T_D and then disseminated that article to other media in attempt to silence the sub.

This tactic lines up directly with the strategies outlined in the above memo.

Anyone that frequents this sub knows that not only do we support law enforcement and the military but we are proud to include lots of cops and soldiers within our ranks.

If you are new to this sub, or if even if you are just a lurker that is not familiar with the above, PLEASE READ THAT MEMO.

It will open your eyes to the levels of deceit employed by not only the left, but foreign powers, to influence our elections and cause turmoil in this country through information warfare.

#IF YOU ARE AN AMERICAN YOU SHOULD BE SEVERELY DISTRESSED BY THIS
Happy Cake Day! Wish it were happier. And yes, 47K is way more than I've seen. I guess quarantine conflicts with suppressing the number of pedes  on T_D.  It used to range from 5-15k.
The problem is much bigger than him I’m afraid
yeah I had to switch usernames, my main on here was shadow banned as of today. Logged out and saw none of my shit was posted.
It will. Bigly.
Here's some secret info for the new people. People reading this, feel free copying and pasting this in various posts to spread. Send it to liberals your arguing with online and friends and family in real life, and maybe they will come around, maybe not immediately, but will cause them to think, and eventually they will come around. This is where all this Leftist cray comes from:

In the early 1900s, a group at the Frankfurt School developed Critical Theory to convert the West to Communism

Basically, the Frankfurt School plan was to undermine the legacy of Western Civilisation. They called for the most negative destructive criticism possible of every sphere of life to de-stabilize society and destroy what they saw as the 'oppressive' order.

They hoped their policies would spread like a virus--'continuing the work of the Western Marxists by other means' as one of their members noted.

To further the advance of their 'quiet' cultural revolution - but giving us no idea about their plans for the future - the School recommended (among other things):

1. The creation of racism offences.
2. Continual change to create confusion
3. The teaching of sex and homosexuality to children
4. The undermining of schools' and teachers' authority
5. Huge immigration to destroy identity.
6. The promotion of excessive drinking
7. Emptying of churches
8. An unreliable legal system with bias against victims of crime
9. Creating dependency on the state or state benefits
10. Control and dumbing down of media
11. Encouraging the breakdown of the family

One of the main ideas of the Frankfurt School was to exploit Freud's idea of 'pansexualism' - the search for pleasure, the exploitation of the differences between the sexes, the overthrowing of traditional relationships between men and women. To further their aims they would:

\*attack the authority of the father, deny the specific roles of father and mother, and wrest away from families their rights as primary educators of their children.

\*abolish differences in the education of boys and girls

\*abolish all forms of male dominance - hence the presence of women in the armed forces

\*declare women to be an 'oppressed class' and men oppressors

Following Adolf Hitler's rise to power in 1933, the Institute left Germany for Geneva, before moving to New York City in 1935, where it became affiliated with Columbia University.
Thanks, pede.

This may be our best chance at getting this information out there.

https://youtu.be/ePAvvi91cQM

Do not go gentle into that good night.
Good, looks like they're wasting no time getting the word out.
And he knows this because he's been shitposting on here for months alongside with us lol

Question is: what's the legal recourse, Mr. President?
Told ya he was on this site.

Hi Jr, Saw you in Harrisburg PA! Great speech Buddy!
As much as Tim Pool irks me for being a lefty, he was really one of the first to help spread the word on Twitter (condemning Reddit). I appreciate that Tim, you're a man of your convictions. Even if I disagree with your politics, I value your integrity.
Same thing with the veritas and google issue, get the word around and let the world know
Since the Pinterest and Google bias and election meddling was exposed the entire big tech are playing their hand.

They were saving it until slightly closer to the election but the Project Veritas videos have forced them to react early.

Their early work has been successful, with little real reaction to deplatforming popular conservatives on YouTube, Facebook, Instagram and Twitter etc. They are now expanding that success on an industrial scale
So glad to know he knows what’s going on!!
Wish his father would take it as serious as he does.

Shit got old. No sign of any repurcussions  or change. Great way to disadvantage yourself going into 2020.
What are the chances that this quarantine censorship makes enough noise that it gets reversed?
Yes, I tweeted him right away and I'm glad he's saying something!
Will this be the tripwire?

Will this be the event that brings the wrath of government down on internet censorship?  We know that the White House reads The_Donald, and it's more than likely that staffers have accounts here, as do members of Congress and their staff.

Will this be the watershed moment that leads to the breakup of big tech?  One can only hope so.
 We need some help here Don. We are more than happy to help your dad to stay the POTUS!
President Trump won the election because of his presence on social media. Now they’re shutting him and his supporters down. He really needs to do something if he wants to crush their souls in 2020. I pray he does something about this. I love this subreddit more than any other social media platform. I was totally devastated when I couldn’t log in on my lunch break. Thank God someone told me how to get around the quarantine. But it doesn’t look good pedes.
Source: https://twitter.com/donaldjtrumpjr
Excellent.
Help! How do I get in on mobile? The Mobile Reddit Quarantine notice has only one choice: BACK. (I'm typing this from my desktop)
what am i missing here? it doesn't mention the quarantine
we know he lurks among us
One of us!
So what can we really do to fix this
**Hijacking for a quick PSA, contact your fucking congressman and demand accountability for big tech. Demand action. Do not sit there and try to be defeatist about Congress "doing nothing," ask specifically how they expect to fare in a world where DNC collusioning controls the internet.**
this is why i know for a fact REDDIT/CENSORING is going to be  so fucked by doing this, this was the wrong choice by the,. it's going to backfire.
[removed]
Yep. He woke up and found out with the rest of us that he couldn't access the page.
No doubt.
If the rest of the left was like Tim I'd be absolutely okay with them as an opposition party.
It’s crazy, I actually watched like 6 of his videos before even figuring Out he’s a hardcore democrat. It’s crazy to hear a democrat talk so reasonably, especially when it comes to his consistency on the issue of censorship.
Time to ride that Streisand effect to new heights!
Slim to non. Historically a reddit quarantine has been a death sentence with in 24 hrs to a week at most.

Doesn't matter, we kicked a hornets nest with google, they kicked one with this. The internet war has just begun, wait till what it looks like this time next year.
You have to use the browser. Can’t get in through the app.
I can get in through the browser on my phone.
You need to login to reddit on the mobile browser (safari, chrome) and then find r/the_donald. Click through the warnings and then you should be good to go back to the Reddit app.
Baconreader works properly after clicking through on the web site from desktop.
DJT Jr retweeted this: 

 https://twitter.com/Surabees/status/1143955592899387393
You're looking at a screenshot of a video on Twitter. A video of the quarantine message.
Link to the video

https://twitter.com/JackPosobiec/status/1143938593590775808?s=20
Post contact links for the lazy pedes. **WE ALL NEED TO DO THIS**. Keep in mind some of your congressmen may be tech illiterate. You must explain in simple terms how this also has a direct effect on them.

EDIT: [HERES A LIST, **IF YOU DO NOT ACT NOTHING WILL CHANGE.**](https://pastebin.com/A6N6s8ip)
**tell them they need to regulate these companies as utilities**

The phone companies don't get to tell me what I can say on my phone- neither should these monopolistic social media companies.
We need to revoke CDA section 230 immunities from media providers that choose what content is allowed on their platforms.

The immunities are intended to prevent media providers from being sued for the content they host. These rules were put in place because it was deemed inappropriate for these companies to be expected to filter through the vast amount of content on their platform.

If these companies are actually filtering the content on their platforms, then these immunities are an unnecessary protection.

The only thing these CDA section 230 immunities are currently doing, is preventing us from suing media platforms for their political prejudice.
Yeeeeah, Rob Portman won't do shit. Never has, never will.
Let them collude. There is a social and societal answer to this and we are doing it by subbing and speaking out. Dont support big govt. We can solve our own problems. That's what separates us from the left.
This morning I got on Reddit to get my daily source of non-leftist news, only to find the dystopian hitler-esque yellow exclamation, much like the gold star Jews were saddled with, telling me my favorite place in an ever shrinking corner of the internet that doesn't suck, had been quarantined.
That you Jr?
Damn straight, Tim can think for himself and have a civil debate. As opposed to the majority of the left that name calls, swings bike locks at you from behind and doxxes you. Then cries that the right are the racists and bullies.
Yeah, I subscribe to him on YT!

I don't always agree with him. A bit too left.

But I'm open-minded and much of what he says makes sense.
Funny thing is he's being labeled as alt-right with YouTube lumping him in with Prager, Ben Shapiro, and Joe Rogan.
r cringeanarchy had a good quarantined run, however, they too eventually succumbed.
If you think that trump supporters will win the internet war when they delete every trump supporting community, you're dreaming
Ill never leave you
Soooo where do people on here go if that's the case where it just gets cut off?
Not on Android.  You're stuck at the "Quarantined Community" splash screen.
My screen just shows a normal Reddit app no quarantine, weird
Ok thanks for that...makes more sense now. I was only getting the first frame as an image
Hear, hear!!!
So true, when did the internet turn into such a shit hole.  Started happening before Obama sold the central servers
Nah...I wish
Same. I watch a lot of his videos actually. I’m convinced the dems will drive him to vote trump if the put forth the right candidate haha.
Meanwhile the real alt right hates all of them.
That’s how you know we can trust him.
Exactly what Jr would say
*laughs in billionaire*
RULES FOR THEE AND NOT FOR MEEEE


Thanks, SPEZ.
I may steal this and post it later.
Also learned some interesting things, perusing that unnamed sub.  The solution in Oregon is apparently to just eliminate the quorum rule.  To *fight* the fascists.  By...essentially executing the [Enabling Act.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Enabling_Act_of_1933)  
  
The timber workers whose jobs would be in jeopardy were this bill to pass should "learn to code."  So that's okay to say again.  
  
Oh, and the fact that the democrat-run cities and states pay exorbitant taxes means that the blue states subsidize the red states.  That being how things work, see.
This should really be the top of the subreddit, but the heading is bad. Current heading makes it sound like we're not the only ones doing it, and thus we are guilty of doing it. But we're not. I guarantee they're not even violent comments on this sub or they're liberals under fake accounts. This was fucking coordinated.

Heading should be like

'We get quarantined over nothing, meanwhile actual threats of heinous violence are a normal day on every liberal subreddit'
The hypocrisy is potent.
Look we only enforce the rules when soros yanks our chain
Wow, that’s pretty damning!!!
Woah bruh.  Remember the 'right side of history' and the 'greater good' which is destroying millions of lives here in the US.




They need protection on reddit.  The racist and discriminatory government, the racist and discriminatory Mega Corps just can't handle the huge threat a small community of shit posters like T_D. 



Oppressing with all that oppressing stuff, bruuuuuuh.
Archive it
It can't be emphasized enough: **up for days.** In some cases, up for *months*. Not up for a handful of minutes like they try to pull with us.
It's highlighting the blatant bias like this that is doing keks work.  I bet OP pulled this today.  Something needs to be done about social media and censorship.
This is how one lib on redacted [responded](https://i.imgur.com/a0ImHlf.jpg) to this lmao
You are right. 

But you are wasting your time. 

They know they are lying and quarantining us illegitimately. They don’t care if we know. Hell, they don’t care if we know and can prove it and have a mountain of evidence. All they care about is a thin veneer of legitimacy so the MSM has its talking point if it is even brought up at all. 

The most important thing is that we are shut down. They HAVE to shut us down. They are being pressured from their handlers that have deep pockets to shut us down and silence us so that we can do no more damage to their plan.  Trump has been the most catastrophic disaster for the permanent state in a generation and they absolutely cannot let him win in 2020.  They can’t. 

But they know he will win deep down inside, which is why suddenly they are making such desperately huge mistakes the past few days. The Project Veritas video - and all the effort to silence that has caused it to go viral everywhere. The quarantining of this dangerous sub - only drawing even more attention, and new members, to it.  The widespread banning of people and material from YouTube and Vimeo and twitter and Instagram. People are noticing - people who didn’t even care before. Therefore be at peace and watch. 

Never interrupt an enemy when they are making a mistake.
"This is reasonable.  This is tolerant.  This is truth.  These are just happy people expressing their truth.  HOLD THE PHONE, A KID JUST SMIRKED AT A NATIVE AMERICAN.  ***HATE SPEECH.***" - The Reddit Staff And Admins, probably
This should be pinned.
If you're reading this, fucking upvote it.
StOp wiTh YoUr WhAtAbOuTiSm!
Acuse others of the thing you are guilty of. Pretty standard leftist fuckery.
Why are those names redacted? Uncover those and let’s get to reporting.
These people are at war with logic itself... vengeance is their only motif.
Twitter lets ISIS post gross beheadings and calls to jihad/kill you and your family and doesn't seem to care to ban their accounts. But if you criticize a liberal's logic then that's clearly violent 'hate speech'.
We need a non stop barrage of spreading these examples across social media with links to the threads to showcase Reddits hypocrisy and suppression.
I cannot express how grateful i am that this sub exists and you people are out there. thank you all.
Extra-Governmental-Anarcho-Tyranny
Hey, SPEZ, missing the point?
I recommend posting this during high traffic.

More people need to see this.
We really need a mass daily snail mailed directly to Reddit HQ of every post on a lefty sub that advocates for "violence"

When their entire office is full of "hate mail" as delivered by leftists maybe we can red pill a couple of their employees.
And this is literally a drop in the ocean... This is so blatant in being a lie that really hurts my brain thinking about it.
i wish we could see the reddit posts from britain's parliament when they found out what washington was doing. i mean he was just an ex military farmboy who decided to wage war over taxes after all. if anyone has forgotten how this country was founded and what it used to stand for its the idiots in blue.
Spez is busy watching his boyfriend get pumped in the ass by some small-dicked Chinese "bull" right now.
Keep posting it over and over again until the normies wake the fuck up
Post it now.
Post it during high traffic, so more can see it
Learn to code, like the NPC meme was banned because it pointed how fucked the left is. Fuck them.
>Oh, and the fact that the democrat-run cities and states pay exorbitant taxes means that the blue states subsidize the red states.  That being how things work, see.

I got told this today by a liberal. I proved them wrong and they stopped responding to my comments, as they always do.
You're probably right, I was paying too much attention to my totally subtle way of indicating what sub these are from.  It should have been worded better.
Did they even offer examples of such "threats" on our sub?
The kids call these "receipts" I think.
This. For fuck's sake, I hope people aren't gathering and posting evidence without archiving the hell out of everything in triplicate, because this will *all* be wiped away within the next 24-48 hours.
Yeah, didn't take long.  I just searched "oregon" and went through the first 6 or 7 posts.
Dang, you're out there doing some work with this.  Good on you, pede.
You’re not arguing in good faith!!!!(I didn’t feel like doing the sponge bob thing)
Pretty sure the quarantine means the normies can't see us anymore.  We're being Jonesed off of reddit.
It was banned because the poor media wad offended. It's still ok to use it against evil Republicans.
This is a really good post though, I wish more people would see it/it would be visible to all the people now flooding to this sub.
i DiDnT fEeL lIkE dOiNg ThE sPoNgEbOb ThInG
Nah I think they just get the "Orange Man Bad" quarantine warning before they can actually see anything.
I just downloaded the image and went and tweeted it to Jack Proseibic Tucker and Hannity.
Feel free to copy and repost any time.  That goes for anyone.  And I don't need credit, we're in this together.
ya and I don't think you can access the sub on mobile. Something most people do.
I’m accessing this through the Narwhal app. I just had to resubscribe through my mobile browser before it would pop up normally on my app.
Welcome to the fight, Pede. Have a coat!
I'd offer you a coat but the Marxist admins axed our patriot bot.
Word
Welcome to the digital front lines.
Welcome - thanks for speaking up and joining the rank and file! :)
Stick around and join the fight friend because we cannot let Reddit get away with that crap.
Come on in!  Water’s fine!!
We truly appreciate your support. You are a Pede now!!!
Fight the good fight my friend!
Streisand effect mutherfuckers
Another formerly silent lurker here. I didn’t even see the story about the “quarantine” until I actively looked for it after noticing an obvious lack of the_donald on r/all (not unusual with the prior level of censorship) but even a lack of the_donald on my preferences page. I didn’t realize how much I depended on the_donald to get information until reddit tried to take it away. Frankly, it scared the crap out me how easy it was for big tech to do this. Then it made me realize how powerful the_donald was, even before this bs. Not only had I, and presumably many others, been lurking frequently for information on the_donald, but the left showed how afraid they are of this community. Now, this sub is either a martyr or will become twice as strong. For me, I choose the latter. This is now a call to action. Where’s my coat and my brick goddamnit?
I will miss our old bots.  We had the best bots.
Thanks my friend. The fight is on. Any doubt I've had before is all but gone. I voted for Trump with my nose in the air. Come 2020 I will be more then happy to cast my vote.
#FOR THE LOVE OF GOD GET THIS PATRIOT A COAT!!!!!
We've handed out more than 7,000,001 coats since the inception of this domreddit, which is enough to cover nearly 33.354% of Rosie O'Donnell's disgusting abdomen .  
  
^^Coat ^^bot ^^is ^^feeling ^^under ^^the ^^weather, ^^so ^^coat ^^distribution ^^will ^^be ^^performed ^^on ^^a ^^volunteer ^^basis
...And a brick
**FOR THE LOVE OF GOD GET THIS PATRIOT A COAT! THATS 192,838 COATS HANDED OUT!**

We are 78.26% of our goal to coat the 246,393 great people of Norfolk, Virginia. Lets make sure everyone gets a coat in the United States! For every Centipede a coat for every coat a Centipede!
Whoa- did the quarantine kill our bots?

#BASTARDDDDS!!!
**FOR THE LOVE OF GOD GET THIS PATRIOT A BRICK! THAT'S 137951 BRICKS HANDED OUT!**

We are at **19.4302193004097485014955808%** of our goal to **BUILD THE WALL** starting from Imperial Beach, CA to Brownsville, Texas! Let's make sure everyone gets a brick in the United States! For every Centipede a brick, for every brick a Centipede!

At this rate, the wall will be **1516.91525263127461950776812 MILES WIDE** and **404.271478084776939629815647 FEET HIGH** by tomorrow! **DO YOUR PART!**
They.......killed our bots?
In this level of hell, nothing will work.
I don't know if bots can click through the quarantine buttons.  They might just need to be tweaked.
Yes.  Did it go something like...

FOR THE LOVE OF GOD, GET THIS PATRIOT A COAT!  

BBY come back! 😭
They took err berrts!
#FOR THE LOVE OF GOD GET THIS PATRIOT A COAT!!!!!
We've handed out more than 7,000,002 coats since the inception of this domreddit, which is enough to cover nearly 33.354% of Rosie O'Donnell's disgusting abdomen .  
  
^^Coat ^^bot ^^is ^^feeling ^^under ^^the ^^weather, ^^so ^^coat ^^distribution ^^will ^^be ^^performed ^^on ^^a ^^volunteer ^^basis
You are the best!  Thank you!
Are You Not Entertained?

We have the greatest President of ALL TIME.
They were already getting shit on for having a monopoly on broadcasting this debate so having a technical issue wile they're the only ones covering it will further add to that criticism.
What happened?
God Bless Trump
No vaseline.
NBC AUDIO ENGINEERS BTFO !


Cant wait for tomorrow night when someone else fucks something up. Best timeline
Great start to the DNC shit show - hope it continues in the same vein but more interesting.
He should follow on tweet: "But damned if it isn't great meme fodder for T_D, which got BANNED yesterday. Can they be any more obvious? SAD!"
Seriously, this. You couldn’t pay me to watch a dumpster fire.
Sound guy didn't know how to switch off mics and you could hear the previous interviewers for way longer than they would have liked. Nothing bad was said but they had to cut to a commerical break immediately after coming back from one >_>
Mics we’re picking up the wrong voices. Nothing bad was said, just awkwardness by F Chuck Todd.
Just in time for the Democrat Debates tonight....
I remained subbed. I'm browsing on a desktop browser, not using a mobile app.
I was automatically unsubbed too, on mobile.  I had to jump through several hoops to get back in.  Craziness!!!
Spez stopped shitting his pants long enough to lash out at us.  Hope he enjoyed that 200 mill from the Chicoms.
[removed]
The_Donald is no longer showing up under my subreddits. They removed my subscriptions from the dashboard and shortcut as well. 

Calling this sub anti police and all of the other lies are flat out bullshit. T_D is full of patriotic Americans who support law enforcement and our President Donald Trump.

Meanwhile all over the rest of this fucking shit hole liberal aids infected dump, calls for assassinations on the president and violence happen everyday.
Oh shit I was unsubbed too
Reddit has "**Jumped the Shark"** with the quarantine of T\_D.
Are the threats of violence they referenced the gov official who said is the government wants to force him to do something they better send bachelors?
Y'ALL ! CNN is reporting this, and it's on the front page of MSN !!! This is YUGE ! 

https://www.msn.com/en-us/news/politics/the-donald-subreddit-quarantined-by-reddit-over-threats-of-violence/ar-AADsPQ2?li=BBnbfcL&ocid=ientp
I received the warning as well. They are ramping up their efforts to suppress the conjured up boogeyman that only lives in their imaginations
Yep. The app sucks. Had TD as one of my starred subs. Tried visiting, got the message, and the app automatically removed it. Even all the replies to my posts/comments in TD are gone. 

This is straight election meddling.
i am seriously concerned about these media/tech companies having so much control over public opinion.
Same thing happened to me pede. Had this happen a few days ago, made a post about it. Nobody seemed to notice, maybe people thought I was crazy. But here it is.
I saw that too, I was auto-unsubbed, does that happen to everyone? Fuck this shit.
None of us were unsubbed, they are just hiding T\_D so we won't get notifications, feed or updates on it anymore unless we go there ourselves.  It also prevents T\_D from appearing on /r/all , which is probably their main objective.
I've been unsubbed automatically multiple times recently.
The unsubbing is totally crazy to me. Seems like borderline would be Trump supporters who only passively check the sub on their main feed are the target here.
They are also hitting the upvotes. 

Posts with a few hundred upvotes are hitting the front page of the subreddit. 

Censorship is in full swing now.
The real number of The_Donald must be way more than 750,000 if they are this scared.
Deleted from my favorites also
Reddit -> voat

facebook -> minds

youtube -> bitchute

twitter -> gab

twitch -> dlive

google -> duckduckgo

chrome -> chromium
I read about the quarantine, and I thought that's why I wasn't seeing any posts, but nope, I was also unsubbed. Thank you for bringing this to our attention.
Same happened to me. Had to resub.
I couldn't find this place at all, but fortunately the TD California subreddit had a post about the quarantine and a link that worked.  For a while I thought they'd just killed us.  I was ready to get on a train, find Carlos Maza, and tell him that he's exactly the kind of oppressor that he calls everyone else.
I had to re-sub as well. At least on mobile anyway. Crazy... I've been here for years.
My subscription to this subreddit was also removed. So I guess they're trying to manipulate sub numbers as well to hit the_donald twice.
Threats of violence against public officials?  Seems like every time I go to redacted it's nothing but calls for violence against Trump
I was PISSED when I saw I had been automatically unsubbed. Mind-boggling, the control these people are trying to exert.
[IT'S AFRAID!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wY57Vn0qTiU)
And ol James said it’s just the beginning. I have faith he has  more.
Same happened to me when sargon's reddit was quarantined.  (Coincidently days after he announced his MEP candidacy)
Shit i just checked and I was unsubbed too.
I was automatically unsubbed and I'm writing this from Brave because all the 3rd party Android apps are reporting the_donald as private.
Welcome to Feggit, the world's largest support group for betas, cuckolds, failures, and Socialists.
yep same i didnt even know about the quarantine until i watched tim pool's video and then i remembered i didnt see a single post all day and found out i was unsubbed.
Good looking out pede, so was I!
Had the same happen
Same here friend. I was able to get back in on mobile with the Reddit is Fun app.
Wow I was unsubbed too, always wanted to be able to sub twice! Haha
Glad I saw this I was unsubbed as well
Same thing happened to me. I was unsubbed without warning. I only noticed becaus of the lack of Peles, AOC slams and creepy Joes in my homepage.
Trump should RIGHT NOW and in conjunction with OANN start his own Reddit and call it Tidder  -- the opposite of Reddit.
Wait... I wasn't unsubbed...
DO NOT USE A MOBILE APP TO ACCESS T_D. That is all.
Kept my sub but had that splash page..
And look : a reason to boycott Wayfair ( as if any of us use them ).

https://www.msn.com/en-us/news/us/wayfair-employees-stage-walkout-as-company-announces-red-cross-donation/ar-AADsGPC?li=BBnb7Kz&ocid=ientp
Communists are cowards.
I remain subbed, but posts from this no longer appear on the main page. So now I must manually type r/The_Donald in my browser or bookmark it to get here or see anything from this sub.
T\_D is not showing up in my drop down of subscribed subreddits.  Tried subscribing/unsubscribing a couple times.  Logging out etc.
To get in via desktop, if you were already subscribed:

&#x200B;

1. Pull up DuckDuckGo.

&#x200B;

2. Search on The\_Donald.

&#x200B;

3. Look for the Reddit site in the results.

&#x200B;

4. Click "Continue" after the dire warning that you will die if you read the site lol.

&#x200B;

It's still there, just in a stripped-down version.
Same here
Same
the Masters are terrified of us.. MAGA. we are the revolution.. they are the Bourgeois
Can not access from mobile. just PC.
Con: I was auto unsubbed, dropped our subscriber numbers

Pro: I was able to subscribe to r/The_Donald twice. 

#CELEBRATIN ALL NIGHT BOYS
That's a direct call for brigading in the warning. Rule for the, but none...
Same, was auto unsubbed.

Sad and pathetic.
I too was unsubbed and given the quarantine message when I followed a link, could not even search for the sub
I was unsubscribed as well.
I went to Twitter to figure out what was going on and I learned there that apparently I was a Nazi racist fascist    from incredibly smug 20 year old women.  Learn something new every day...
I didn't get automatically unsubbed, but I did get a notice that there was suspicious activity on my account and forced me to supply an email address before I could access Reddit again.

Spoiler alert:

There was no suspicious activity on my account...
I just checked i was also unsubbed

Unbelievable
Thanks for posting this. I've been a member of T D since the beginning but I was just unsubscribed by these cock suckers. Might not have noticed if not for your post.
This has become a constitutional freedom of assembly issue.

Please post the contact information for your state’s attorney general.

To file complaint in Texas, online:  http://txoag.force.com/CPDOnlineForm

Texas Senator, online form:  Ted Cruz   https://www.cruz.senate.gov/?p=form&id=16  (use subject: Reddit Ban)
I have read and posted on T_D daily since early 2016 (under different handles).

I have never once seen a threat of violence against law enforcement on this Domreddit.

Further, President Trump himself is the most vocal supporter of law enforcement and the military to occupy the White House in modern history.

The majority of comments I see here regarding police are positive, except in certain threads alleging police brutality/complaining about certain laws.

However, leftists routinely encourage and commit violence against police and other citizens, particularly groups such as BLM and Antifa, which are praised or at least tolerated elsewhere on Reddit.

Reddit is once again applying a double standard and persecuting a large, mainstream community of users for the supposed "crime" of supporting the duly-elected president of the United States.

I make it a point to represent the pro-police perspective 100% of the time, and even in negative threads, to remind people that the actions of a minority are not equivalent to all or even most police officers.

Law enforcement is a crucial function in our society, and literally allows the law, and thus our society and country, to exist.

Cops are human beings, and human nature means sinfulness. However, American police are typically thoroughly vetted during the hiring process, and are usually highly law-abiding and principled individuals, if not perfect.

Anyone who has a problem with certain laws, such as drug laws, civil asset forfeiture, "quorum-busting" laws, etc., should remember that it is called law enforcement, and not law creation, for a reason.
I'm still subbed, but it no longer shows up in the "My Communities" drop down menu. Both desktop and mobile.
It no longer shows in my feed of subreddits. Its the only one I have starred.
Mobile users are completely locked out, you can only opt in on PC
Mobile app no longer works.  They gave me instructions to fix it, but it only allowed one access and is no longer working again.
After browsing on desktop you can then access it on mobile
I'm on PC.  It was removed from my subs.  I had to manually search for the sub.  Once I clicked through the quarantine it re-appeared in my subs.
Iphone user boyfriend can't get in. They unsubbed him and there is no option to continue. I am on Android and can. Any ideas?

Update: Followed advice, he's back in. Thanks
He needs to be tried for treason and punished to the fullest extent of the law.
I believe his preferred pronoun is "lispy queer"
This has Media Matter's fingerprints all over it.  That the Fake News is reporting on it is confirmation of MM4A involvement.
Looks like that video pissed off some people.
Nothing says "that video of the employee saying we have policies in place to tamper in the election is fake" like quarantining President Trump's biggest support group right after it drops.
T_D has been blocked from r/all for years. You won't see any of it on r/all unless you're subscribed.
I was unsubbed. I had to jump through several hoops and googling 'the Donald subreddit' leads you straight to hit pieces from leftist media. 

Something must be done. We need an alternative yesterday
also coordinated with media matters.  It's a full blown criminal conspiracy and most republican presidents took care of these problems before they became major.
i have tried voat.  it seemed like a really bad alternative.  for the most part, it seemed like the most type of people had self-selected to go there.  though to be fair, this was a few years back, during the spez editing fiasco
~~Chromium~~

\^ Chromium is just Chrome in development.

Try [Brave](https://brave.com/).
Saidit.net/s/the_Donald  i find has a better atmosphere.
Just joined Voat, thanks
What about the Donald discord?
Switch duck duck go with Qwant.
> minds

wtf is minds?!
Brilliant
Trumpet
>DO NOT USE A MOBILE APP TO ACCESS T_D. That is all.

**Reddit Is Fun** app works just fine.
Why not?
Also, if you're in his district:

 [https://gohmert.house.gov/contact/](https://gohmert.house.gov/contact/)
If the federal government doesn't take care of this problem soon - and trump is the chief executive - the states  should.
State Attorney Generals for all states: https://www.naag.org/naag/attorneys-general/whos-my-ag.php

(Or would that be State Attorneys General?)
[removed]
While I don't care for what the social media platforms are doing, we can't forget there's also freedom of *dis*association. If we force the social media platforms to take us against their will, it gives some very bad power to the government to use *against* us later.
[removed]
Its funny because I was subbed to both CringeAnarchy and ClownWorldWar when they were quarantined and they showed up in the drop down menu... Hmmmmmmm 🤔🤔🤔
This is exactly the same that happened to me.
I still see it on my desktop dropdown !
Or my favorites.
Once I clicked "continue" on the quarantine page the subreddit showed back up in my list. Maybe try it again.
Yeah I can't find it either.  Weird.
mine only reappeared once I directly entered the sub address and clicked through the bullshit warning screen
Just checked mobile and its back up for me but flashes a warning message evrytime I pull it up.
Yea, that's nothing unusual.  Other quarantined subs went through the same thing.
I just use the desktop version on my phone
Mobile app says I have to be logged in... but I already am. Can only access via web browser. WTF
I did it on mobile. Make Shure that you're logged in in your web browser, then go to reddit.com/r/The_Donald and clikc throught the quarinteen and resub. Then go to the subs you've subscribed to (second from the left) tab on the mobile app, and you can access it from there
Do it the old-fashioned way: browser bookmark.

Or if you prefer: default homepage.
He needs to log in on a pc then he can go to my profile and click on my past messages in the Donald today to find a hyperlink to get in.  That’s how I did it earlier.  He’ll get the warning quarantined message, once he clicks ok he can post and see posts!

Edit:  I am on iPhone too, and couldn’t find the Donald using the search engine earlier.  I had to click on another subscriber’s profile to find the link that worked in the title of the post.
Type this into your browser—“https://old.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/“

Make sure you aren’t clicking the link. That will only redirect you to the mobile app. Copy and paste into your browser. Once on Reddit in your browser, sign into Reddit at the top right, then hit accept. Now you should be set to view on the mobile app. I hope that helps.
Web browser
"Commie Cocksucker"
I suspect they are pushing the limits, hoping Trump will put some regulations in place....

Media will then begin Operation Internet Freedom.

Orange man bad and taking away freedom on internet.

**Bonus for the scum in Silicon Valley is it tiggers some nutball who does something stupid.**

Media will promote and say....see Orange man followers are baddies and hurt the just and good Democrats, who want to save children and the planet.

\--------- 

After Twitter, Facebook, YouTube, Reddit, Google Search.....on and on.

Enough is enough.....FED does need to step in here.

Internet platforms are public forums in my view - (free to join, anyone can join, etc.)

It's the same thing as banning someone from the public square, supermarket, etc.

Costco can't ban users from getting a membership because of their political affiliation.    

They can't add in a term of service that says if you support X, you are banned from Costco.
It’s even worse now
Re: Voat. Here's an explanation I posted a while ago that (sort of) explains it. So if T_D does get deleted and people do wind up there, they'll have a running head start:

----

_When I joined after the Great Awakening subreddit was purged, it was explained to me like this:_

_Voat's community prides itself on having essentially unrestricted free speech. To that end, they use continual anti-black and anti-jew slurs as their canary in a coal mine—the idea is that as long as they continue to be capable of doing that, then the robustness of their ability to exercise their free speech has been verified._

_And anybody (usually new arrivals) attempting to get people to act more like normal human beings is immediately attacked, as self-censoring would remove their ability to gauge their freedom at Voat._

_Of course understanding that, and slogging through endless slurs in the middle of otherwise useful threads, are different things. It gets tiring._
Can confirm, Brave is amazing
This could be a free thing.  Creating our own website and forum could also be free.  I used to know how to do that shit.
Is Qwant like ebonics or something?
President of the United States Donald J. Trump!!!!
I don't login to anything on my phone.  (it can wait until the workday is over)  That said, you can no longer browse The_Donald on Reddit Is Fun unless you're logged in to Reddit.  There's no option to click through for the quarantine.
NFL isn't protected by Section 230 immunity.
>shouldn’t the NFL protestors be guaranteed their freedom of speech?

In what way are they not "guaranteed their freedom of speech" ?  why are you concern trolling?
Reddit should be allowed to do whatever they want to do ..... as long as they don’t use public telecommunication utilities.

PS — down voters don’t get this comment.  “As long as they don’t use public telecommunication utilities.”
Private telephone companies have always been “forced” to take telephone subscribers.  What if ATT, Verizon, T-Mobile, Sprint could all refuse to give you a cell phone line?
we can and will use the laws liberals created

and if the law fails... then there is no law anymore, and you won't be laughing 🙃
> You will be laughed out of the court. 

dumbshit liberal that doesn't understand shit about the law
@DumbMAGABoy

Now do baker and LGBTQ cake.....go on, we are waiting.
Were they eventually banned? Or was their quarantine eventually lifted?
Same
Option is not given to me in the app. I have to be on through the browser.
Yeah, every time I access anything in the sub now I get a big yellow warning about a quarantine. 

#THE DONALD DOUBLE PLUS BAD. REDACTED DOUBLE PLUS GOOD. WRONGTHINK DETECTED, DISPATCHING RE-EDUCATION TEAM. GOOGLE WOULD LIKE TO KNOW YOUR LOCATION.
Did that and it worked for one app session only, then it reverted back to blocking me.
I had it book marked.  I built a new PC last week and hadn't book marked anything until just now.  Thanks for the reminder!
Thank you
Thank you pede, he is back in.
Voat is horrible and when there is a mass exodus they launch this cringey, forced “let’s-be-turbo-offensive-and-whoever-doesn’t-leave-because-of-it-is-okay” campaign. It’s all n word and anti-Semitic shitlords that crawl out of the wood work for their shot at a new audience to show off their edginess too. 

Voat is awful.
I used to work for Invision and have tons of forum experience. LMK if I can be of assistance!
Same idea as DDG but they so far don't fund hard left leaning orgs
[removed]
afaik they do, every website does.
ClownWorldWar was banned today. CringeAnarchy was banned awhile ago.
My pleasure, Pede!!
Awesome!
Their voting system is asinine. I can't stand voat.
Yes.

Reddit is editing, i.e a publisher.  Howver, they claim to be a platform.

They discourage free speech and are protected from the lash back.
Every social media platform does — just like Rockefeller who prevented other oil companies from carrying their oil on the railroads.
The bastards are trying to stamp out every remaining vestige of free thought.
He's back in. Thanks again.
They're just continuing the same plan they had back in 2014 when they banned FPH.

It's almost as if they're a bunch of Traditional Muslims trying to create a world-spanning Caliphate: they think that the world will magically become perfectly peaceful as soon as they take over everything, despite the fact that they regularly turn the places they control into garbage dumps with all of their constant in-fighting.
> they think that the world will magically become perfectly peaceful as soon as they take over everything

Kinda sounds like the Nazis IMO

The end goal of Islam is never peace.
Stay calm, friend.  Remember that the mods (and the DNC/Admins) are currently on high alerts for any hint of violence.  Don't give it to them.

Yes, we all know what their end goal is (they've been shouting their intentions for years), but we also know how badly they screw up every time they try to take charge and create their "utopia".  All we have to do is stay safe and wait for them to ruin their own dreams.
I mean, I'm allowed to call people Nazis.  They're certainly behaving in a manner similar to Hitler during the occupation of Europe.  "IT WILL BE ALL FINE ONCE WE HAVE KILLED YOU ALL AND TAKEN YOUR LAND!"
My comment was more directed at your final line about the "end goal", but all subtlety is gone in this reply...

Also, don't you remember that one of the core rules of the Internet is "The first side to compare the other to Hitler loses"?  No need to take that loss away from the libtards.
We've been called Nazis since before he was elected.  I've literally been called a neo-nazi by people I considered friends.

The time for playing "nice and fair guy" has long been gone.
Remember that time we got a CEO fired?. . .good times.
So they remove mod powers and allow the "violent" comments to linger as an excuse.
Correct me if I'm wrong, but does this mean that our mods are no longer at the helm???  


If this sub is currently under the control of the admins, what's to stop them from manufacturing something to get us dismantled?

There's some major f\*ckery afoot.
Look up those users post history... They all are 100% randos who never even post here. The first 5 I looked up haven't even posted in 45days. One was a year year last post account.

Totally legit users.
Sounds like more leftist bullshit from people who got cucked by the chinese.
They removed like 25 comments in a month, in a sub that has hundreds of thousands of comments each month.
Go into any redacted thread and you will see hundreds of faggots calling for violence against us and Trump
A whole 30 posts in a month?  Reddit must be slave masters to push those admins to work so hard. 

🙄
According to [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/c5x8qq/in_the_last_30_days_t_d_mods_did_over_83000_mod/), T_D mods have made on average 115 mod actions **per hour** every hour of every day for the last 30 days *for free*, keeping this place clear of filth, shills, and false flags.

Reddit admins have "had" to take 135 **total** actions in the last month, or 4 1/2 actions per day, for comments which were never reported to T_D mods and which somehow circumvented all the triggers of the automod, so the mods say.

But according to reddit admins, T_D mods just haven't been doing their fair share of heavy lifting to moderate this subreddit.
That's a neat trick.  Take away the mod's ability to moderate and then blame the mod for not modding.  Then punish the mod who couldn't mod for not modding by quarantining the domreddit.   That's pure bull honk!
People should be asking why the admins "quarantined" the sub rather than asking mods to remove the content. In past cases, subs were censored and banned because their mods would not comply. Was there even an attempt by the admins to coordinate with the mods here?
Reddit can go to hell! T_D for life.


I’ve been here since Trump was first elected in 2016(Had to create a new account tho), and I’ve been a part of T_D, I watched as we crossed 600,000, then 700,000. I met pedes from all over the world. T_D was always accepting, even to those who weren’t American but still wanted to participate. T_D was my only outlet in a city full of liberals who would attack you until your soul was crushed if you were openly conservative. 

No matter what happens, I’m staying here till the very end. And I promise, if they ban T_D, I will find a way to avenge this sub. What say you?
Anti-Evil operations? Wtf
>Comment removed: "Don't hate the Straight"

Really? What are they implying with this action do you think?

I think it's time we took this a little more seriously. Like, beyond memes.
When you’re guilty of wrongthink there are those who will contort the rules as necessary to punish you.  If you treat such actions as sincere you’re truly a fool.

Only the choir believes them and their preaching at this point.
That's not a very big report for a month, and given the sub reddit size.

I think they just gave 6 million people, a shot in the arm as far as their cause
Wait. Deporting is no longer an option?
Im sure reddit's plan is to import mods from a certain other political sub
Cross reference all those users to see how new they are
Damn, didn’t make the list
Can I get a link to the original pic?
Wait I thought there would be more deleted comments than that. At times your looking at 2-6 deleted comments a day. 

I don't see how that would justify a quarantine.
Remember when the CEO *wasn't* fired for editing comments?  Bad times.
How did we get a CEO fired?
Let's try to get Reddit fired from the internet. ;-)  
How can a website with hate speech still be connected to the internet in 2019?
The quarantine is just step one, the full ban is inevitable at this point.
Get over to Gab and search ‘/g/the_donald’
The mods have worked hard. Some on the level of years.
If admins didn’t want to do so much work censoring.... maybe they shouldn’t have made so many rules on censorship
I've always said "Be wary of anyone claiming they're fighting 'evil'." "Evil" is a convenient label you can slap on just about anything you want to dismantle or destroy, regardless of the harm you might be doing.
Mark my words, Spez will be on the chopping block for this quarantine business. Pissing off a community this large and having a large number of them straight up leave the site altogether can't be good for Reddit's bottom line.
Rumor has it it was spez editing posts to make them threatening toward the tyrants in Oregon who sent state police to round up their Republicans.
He's kicked a hornet's nest and brought government attention to Reddit. Could result in regulatory action. That's certainly fireable now.
So where should we go? IS there a alternative?
They do not care about their bottom line.  They are shadow funded by our enemies.
We cost reddit money. 

Notice there aren't any ads on this dom...
Get an ad blocker. Don't buy gold. Tell your friends.
Their bottom line is the DNC,

They hate the right that isn't even a question they would ban all of us if it were allowed
They've already stopped ads on T_D.
How can we be sure they didn't?  

How can we be sure they didn't doctor the evidence that they didn't?  

I've recently been trying to impress upon my 7-year old: the best reason to always be honest is that, once you get caught lying, everything else you say is suspect. Nobody can really be sure if you're telling the truth or not any more and, the more you lie, the less sure they become.  

It seems like Spez and the rest of the people abusing their power in this country are still struggling with the same lesson.
Andrew Torba of Gab is talking about making a dedicated server for the_donald.
Gives us time to find an alternative. And that alternative should not be Voat, that place is already full of KKK faggots and that is not somewhere we want to be.
Someone should make www.thedonald.com
4chan is your honest to god best bet.
Shadow funded...AKA bought by the Chinese.

Just like how T-D is anti cop but...have you read blackpeopletwitter or public freakout? 

Bootlicker is a fun term they love.
Not even shadow-funded:

 [https://www.newsbusters.org/blogs/techwatch/corinne-weaver/2019/02/07/chinese-censorship-company-invests-millions-reddit](https://www.newsbusters.org/blogs/techwatch/corinne-weaver/2019/02/07/chinese-censorship-company-invests-millions-reddit)
I don't know why anyone buys/pays for anything on reddit, it just encourages them to hire more anti-speech ideologues.
This is the small town cop from First Blood coming up and busting your tail light and then issuing you a ticket for the light he broke after pulling you over.
Agreed.  T_D and Voat do not go together.
Yep fuck voat, they are literal, actual Nazis.
When I read the quarantine letter, first sub I thought of was publicfreakout.
That's nothing. Try badcopnodonut. Willing to bet that's still free and clear.
This is from a movie. I dont think this ever really happened in real life
But she said it was sexy. Oh the fantasies!
the 2019 pulitzer prize was given to the NYT over 'muh trump taxes'. i kid you not.
#FUN FACT:

In 2018 the investigative journalism Pulitzer went to the Washington Post for covering Project Veritas’ investigative journalism. 

It’s like giving a ring to Tony Romo for announcing during the Super Bowl 

#🤡🌎
Pulitzer is a propaganda award
Spoiler Alert: He won't get it because the Pulitzer Prize is shit.
Damn right OP, But the Pulitzer is shit. Medal of freedom from President Trump himself on secind term i think would be perfect.
My hero!
This is the nobels all over again. Worthless awards these days. However we know his worth
Pretty sure the Pulitzer Prize was shit even before the Nobel Peace Prize
O’Keefe is a fighter. 

We cannot spare him.
O'Keefe hit the ball out of the park this time.  Really proud of this patriot.  Whistleblowers obviously deserve enormous credit too.
Just got back from the future, SPOILER, he doesn't win it.
Has been for decades
Truth.
[From 1800 to 1810, James Cheetham made use of fictional stories to advocate politically against Aaron Burr.\[59\]\[60\] His stories were often defamatory, and he was frequently sued for libel.\[61\]\[62\]\[63\]

In the late 19th century, Joseph Pulitzer and other yellow journalism publishers goaded the United States into the Spanish–American War, which was precipitated when the U.S.S. Maine exploded in the harbor of Havana, Cuba.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fake_news)
Andrew Breitbart is proud.
Ever heard of julian assange? The pulitzer prize is so shitty it was shat by another piece of shit already. Thanks all the same for posting this.
I just donated $20 to Project Veritas after reading your comment
Joseph Pulitzer, inventor of yellow journalism. An odd guy to name the award after.
Project Veritas is also an option for Amazon Smile. Many good conservative organizations like Gun Owners of America and Judicial Watch are also on Amazon Smile
Hi and welcome!
Welcome aboard!  We need more like you!
It like some kind of bad initiation, you join the Donald and get dropped by the rest of Reddit. Not really though there are some truly neutral subs that won't drop you. But I commend you for your bravery!!!
You'll be surprised at how often people say "you post in t_d!" and you get downvoted repeatedly. They don't even read the sources you post or acknowledge that you're correct.
Those cats over in FTAR were having a total shitfest on the quarantine news. Like, a frenzied, psycho, shitfest. I've not been out in the rest of reddit in a year. It was surreal.
Welcome and thank you for the support, Pede!
Thank you
Welcome to the team!
It's almost like they're doing everything they can to get GEOTUS re-elected and drive more people to our POV. Are they deep cover T_D operatives?

Ha, no. That would require 4-D thinking, and we all know the refrain: the left can't meme.
Heh. Someone's got a list of subs that autoban anyone that's posted here.  So you took a few.
No brakes!
Not sure why she wouldn't go with Scalise and Rand Paul attacks. 

Those were pretty bad in comparison.
Child smiles at adult. Liberals call for violence.
Words are violence, Nazi!!!
Liberals WANT violence to give them justification to further curtail our liberties.  Don't humor them - stay above it and let them implode of their own insanity.  

Real people see what the crazies are up to, and real people vastly outnumber them despite the media's efforts to make it seem like they're in charge.  Tear down all the statues you want, crazies - you're still NEVER going to take away our guns and we will ALWAYS find ways to peacefully assemble and communicate our core values:  personal responsibility, liberty and equal opportunity (not outcomes) for all.
Don't forget breaking down Tucker's door.
schpeach is violincceeeesh
I guess we're already at the violent revolution part if speech is violence.
Are you doing hate thoughts buddy?  Because it looks like you're doing hate thoughts.
That entire stage setup is missing the hammer and cycle.
To some words hurt more thsn being punched in the face.
'Member how we immediately got told how Rand Paul was an asshole neighbor and obviously had it coming? Despite other neighbors claiming the exact opposite?
Yes, those were far worse, plus conservatives who aren't in office around the country constantly getting assaulted and having their property vandalized for supporting Trump. The left hasn't condemned any of their violence, especially with their fascist arm, antifa.
Tranny shoots up school. Liberals call for silence.
> Liberals WANT violence to give them justification to further curtail our liberties. Don't humor them - stay above it and let them implode of their own insanity.

Of course they just make up whatever they want anyway: "Trump raped me, but The Apprentice is still my favorite show!"
oooo I 'member!
I think Rand isn't running for reelection. He lowered his profile alot. Been silent on the censorship issue. He's usually our greatest defender.
Welcome! 

I'd say "Give this Patriot a coat!" but CoatBot got spezzed... apparently we can't have nice things here anymore.
Welcome.  Free Speech is an American right and an American fight.  We will all stand together on this issue.
I went through the same phase as well. There is a deep state, we've been chanting drain the swamp by the thousands for a reason. Even Alex Jones is no longer a conspiracy theorist, he has been reporting real news as of late. Sadly, there might be no way to reverse the damage that has already been done to the original American freedoms.
The Communist tyrants in Silicone valley think themselves our rulers...
We are all Americans and while some might welcome the demise of free speech it WILL eventually come for them too.
Welcome aboard, patriot!
And YouTube; be better than this. 
And Google; be better than this. 
And Facebook; be better than this.
Welcome to _The Quarantined_
Welcome !

All we ever ask of anyone is this. Ask yourself these 2 two questions only to satisfy yourself and no one else.

What do you believe and why do you believe it?

Once you question your own beliefs it require one to either search for information that either challenges or confirms those beliefs. It's a hellva journey after that. I hope you stick around a while and take a tour while on your journey.
Glad to see more people waking up to this.
Welcome, awesome friend!
Quite a lot of us here are moderates. It's just anyone to the right of Stalin is considered alt-right.
Glad you're here, welcome to this oasis from the deep state.  Honest to God, at first I was only amused at the conspiracy theories.  Then, I was stunned by what continually was proven true.  Look through the history of this sub... I really don't want to ruin the surprises for you newbies that only the truth can bring.  As with everything in life, an open mind will be your best asset.  That's a great gift from having the freedom of speech.  Its a shame that we only realize how important it is once it becomes threatened.
Thank you!
#[COMPLIANCE IS FADING RAPIDLY!](https://wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/emailid/3599#efmARIAUy)

Take a seat on the MAGA choo choo and remember, this train has no brakes!
"Slightly conservative moderate"?  Sorry that's so far-right of the Dems you can just say deplorable.
I'll miss that bot...can we still get him a brick?
#FOR THE LOVE OF GOD GET THIS PATRIOT A COAT!!!!!
We've handed out more than 7,000,004 coats since the inception of this domreddit, which is enough to cover nearly 33.355% of Rosie O'Donnell's disgusting abdomen .  
  
^^Coat ^^bot ^^is ^^feeling ^^under ^^the ^^weather, ^^so ^^coat ^^distribution ^^will ^^be ^^performed ^^on ^^a ^^volunteer ^^basis
They won't. At this point who's going to trust them anyway? They have no choice but to go all in. Google, Facebook, Apple and Amazon control so much of the internet they just might get away with it too. They have so far.
BrickBot is a casualty too. RIP BrickBot.
Wait how and why are the bots gone?
They're monsters....how could they kill such humble and kind bots?!

^*reeeeeeeeeeeeeeee* 😭
Being quarantined removes a lot of sub customizability.
Make another twitter account, videotape yourself doing the same thing, then post the video.
You were banned for wrongthink.
Report it to that White House report feature
that happens to me every time i try to make an account. they dont want us on their site
Do the same thing and follow all dems/liberals/lefties. Nothing will happen.
Abraham Don't Be Thinkin
It happens pretty regularly. See SmarterEveryday he mention this on a video. You should have gotten a email shortly after to reconfirm your email.
Ironic since Lincoln was a republican.
Welcome to 1984 Mr. Orwell.
I helped my mom setup a twitter account.  The exact same thing happened.  This was almost a year ago.  She follows Trump and Trump supporters.  I couldn't believe they banned my mom.
I made an account today as well, because of the quarantine, and followed every conservative recommended from potus and donald trump jr. Havent seen anything come of it. If i do, ill edit this post or whatever.
I actually just made an account tonight myself. I didn't get blocked even though I followed a bunch of conservatives, but I did notice Obama is the top result when you search for political figures. I literally had to scroll down past others to find Trump's account. ...Which seems strange considering he's POTUS.
Twitter: we're sorry, you don't think the way you should. Try following: Hillary Clinton, Bathhouse Barry, Rachel Madcow, and AC360 to have your account restored.
making sure you aren't a bot.
Same thing happened to me multiple times, though I was using a VPN. It could be because of the VPN, but I didn't want to sign up without one and reveal my real IP address to the twatter commies.
happened to me too. followed T_D and @realDJT. BOOM Banned just like you
What?!

A similar thing happened to my account for promoting my music. I appealed and it got un-banned, though they do not treat you with enough dignity to provide and reasons for the ban in the first place.
I fully expect to be banned after the tweets I sent during the debates.
Made a new twitter account as well today, I followed the subreddit's twitter, GEOTUS, Trump Jr then the official Trump team's accounts (in that order), didn't post or like anything. Also had my account restricted. Had to do a captcha, re-verify my email & phone number to have it restored.

[https://imgur.com/EsNky17](https://imgur.com/EsNky17)
Exact same thing happened to me!!
The last couple accounts I’ve had got banned really quick. One account I may have deserved it because I said that we should only grant asylum to Venezuelan chicks between the age of 18-25 😂
Same thing happened to me after I just signed up, the first thing I did was change my profile picture to an American flag.  My next click lead me to this exact message.
Same exact thing happened to me today. I just wanted to see tweets about the debate
It's to prevent bots.
My account was suspended for "multiple rules violations". I did not even follow people in US politics, only Benji Shapiro and Jordan Peterson, all my recent tweets and replies were on a bunch of memes in Russian. They did not even bothered to explain the reason and showed no tweets that violated the rules. Just sent a message that they stopped recieved messages on that issue.

Twitter is such a shithole now.
Good job!
> banned

That is not what the word "ban" means.
Seriously a great idea. Do it!
Using a different, and never used before, IP address. And not a VPN that can be tied to other users.
Orwellian Thoughtcrime
And video tape it as well, stitch them together side by side and create a supreme meme.
Must have been my Kevin Sorbo follow. He’s the new James Woods. 🤷🏻‍♂️
Did you follow the T_D Twitter? They are likely on high alert of the Streisand Effect they’ve caused and that’s the trigger.
Ha. Incredible username!!
I mean....you're not wrong. Lol
Thank you for the insight. Can’t use the account, and have a sneaking suspicion that won’t change within the next 12 hours.
Also, isn't creating a new account to evade a previous ban a bannable offense?
Fully intend to do this. Thank you!!
How do you even get a new IP address though??
Why not a VPN?
Same thing happened to me twice, third time I followed CNN, Obama, NPR and MSNBC for news and what not and mysteriously no instant ban.
I recently followed him myself. I still miss Hades, but I'll take Hercules.
No, but I just may do that. For research purposes.
😅
Can you tell me everone who you followed or was it a shit ton of people?
On twitter? Idk tbh, quit using it a while back. It is on reddit, afaik, but it's virtually unenforceable on either platforms, especially against someone with minimum knowledge and understanding of how to thwart their tracking efforts. This clown most likely used the same phone he used for other accounts to authenticate and it's an automatic 12 hour suspension, iirc. They've been doing it for years now. But hey, who's gonna blame a chap for wanting some cheap attention and karma?
Do this with another account only following liberals (as another pede suggested), and put a soundtrack to it. I suggest "wrote a song for everyone" by Credence Clearwater Revival.
RemindMe! 1 day
Post the video on YouTube AND BitChute
Many people can be using one VPN address. It's still a public address but can't be linked to your real pubic address
Believe it or not, only 6, as soon as i hit the 6th, the account was suspended: Rand Paul, White House, DJT, DJTjr, Kevin Sorbo, and Jason Schaffetz. 🤡 🌎
I love CCR
Actually a split screen video, nonsense names one which follows conservatives the other liberals would be really damning.
Good list of people. Also, nice username!
Lol that's fucking rediculous.
Thanks pede. Thank you for keeping this train on the rails!!
I can't tell if they did this to influence the election or to avoid seeing us win and rubbing that shit in their arrogant faces again.

Fuck them. MAGA 2020.
As long as POTUS is in office I’m not worried about any site silencing is. He has our backs. 🇺🇸
Holy crap, I seriously thought that was some Aristotle quote or something... It appears to legitimately be GRR Martin...
Truth is treason in an empire of lies.
Plus there is always the Trump Curse. Keep America Great Trump2020!!
They took our bots
I was here in late-2015, but joined after Pulse. Can confirm.
Here take my coat- it is a coat of many colors- we don't need a bot even though they're nice. There's that feeling of 'we hang together or we hang separately' around here today - high energy time!
this sub made me get an account
I joined March of 2016
Scrolling through the posts, I don't think I've seen so much upvotes within the first hundred posts. So much activity now
Crying? Why? This just means 'it is afraid'
Someone get this pede a coat :(
“Some people...move on...but not us.”

“Not us.”
#FOR THE LOVE OF GOD GET THIS PATRIOT A COAT!!!!!
We've handed out more than 7,000,004 coats since the inception of this domreddit, which is enough to cover nearly 33.354% of Rosie O'Donnell's disgusting abdomen .  
  
^^Coat ^^bot ^^is ^^feeling ^^under ^^the ^^weather, ^^so ^^coat ^^distribution ^^will ^^be ^^performed ^^on ^^a ^^volunteer ^^basis
If I could... I would hand every Pede a flag!  🇺🇸
Me too. This is my first and only account. Little did I know then about venturing outside the donald with my username 😂
#FOR THE LOVE OF GOD GET THIS PATRIOT A COAT!!!!!
We've handed out more than 7,000,003 coats since the inception of this domreddit, which is enough to cover nearly 33.354% of Rosie O'Donnell's disgusting abdomen .  
  
^^Coat ^^bot ^^is ^^feeling ^^under ^^the ^^weather, ^^so ^^coat ^^distribution ^^will ^^be ^^performed ^^on ^^a ^^volunteer ^^basis
In the words of GEOTUS,  "I love revenge"
I needed that right now
Good bot.
Sha!
I got you. MAGA on, my friend
I wish the guy who wrote that was more representative of leftists. 

If you're reading this, bro, you're all right.
100% agree.  We MUST stand our ground.
this is the type of liberal or moderate that i support and love.

he loves us and he supports our right to exist. fuck the communist/leftist scum that call themselves 'liberals'.
The ban bias needs to be exposed.  A collection of posts and comment replies that call for hate and violence against conservatives and Trump supporters needs to be sent to reddit Admins.
This mod should contact James O'Keefe at Project Veritas and expose to the light the corruption that he's seen.
problem is, it will never be possible to live up to the standard the admins have set.
Doesn't matter if everyone here behaves themselves. They will create fake accounts to post rule violating stuff. Or just shut down the sub for made up reasons. Jumping through hoops for them won't prevent their end goal.
I'd recommend this mod pull as much data ad they can, they are about to be banned. 

They messaged through the platform, reddit can trace it back to them and take action. 


Mind as well grab some insider examples of the backed up cues of abusive content from other subs.
We all aren't Conservatives here, many are Classical Liberals or Libertarians who have voted for Democrats in the past and who love our Country and believe politicians need to take care of Americans First.  It is unbelievable what has happened to the left since Obama was elected.  They gained power under Obama (too much) and can't tolerate that non-leftists won the Presidency and are a majority in the Senate and are losing some gains.

I agree with almost all of your post, but grovelling is not something I will do to bullies.  This is exactly what the left is doing, they are bullying anyone who doesn't agree with them.  In my experience, the only way to deal with bully's is to hit back twice as hard.  How exactly to hit back on-line has yet to be determined (obviously not in a physical way, hit back in a way that hurts big technology financially).

I appreciate your thoughtful and insightful post.  Thank you.
We are more resilient than they are hateful.
We can’t migrate elsewhere; this will fracture the_donald and make it easier for us to be wiped off the web.
Thank you for posting this, it's important to know we have support in other places on reddit.  I thank this mod for informing us, well done, sir. I'm not going anywhere.  I've been here longer than most of them, they can move, because I won't. Stand firm people.  We belong here supporting the Best President we'll ever see.  We do not run from this, we stay and fight for what we've built.  We broke no rules, but we can make an extra click or two.
This is more bs designed to placate. 

“Please don’t go elsewhere, stay here while we slowly and completely marginalize your opinion.”
It doesn’t matter. The left will see what’s occurred, smell blood in the water, and begin to throw wave after wave of shills posting “violent content” until TD is removed forever. 

Remember, this is he liberal mob. The end always justifies the means because their ideology is their dogma and anything short of our total annihilation is immoral.
this got me fired up. Like George Washington crossing the Delaware or those guys from Independence Day wrecking those space invaders, let's stick it to these commie, free speech hating, leftist alien scum.

>We will not go quietly into the night!
>We will not vanish without a fight!
>We're going to live on!
>We're going to survive!

https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=69&v=TVW3wCm3BLA
This mod is awesome. They hate censorship in all forms and will defend it even if they don’t like what is being said. We will fight, and we will win because we have truth, justice, and the American way on our side.
###**WE AIN'T GOIN ANYWHERE**
Interesting read, seems plausible. The only possible deceptive angle I see is if this is meant to discourage us from establishing backup platforms so we could be banned outright at a later possibly more impactful date.

I say we establish/continue to establish alternatives AND fight for T\_D. 

No need for an all out exodus right now, but I'm the kind of guy who'd like to pre-part a few seas just in case.
Mate, I recommend reposting this during high traffic.

More people need to see this.
I would agree if the admins were acting in good faith. 

I still think he's right, but he's too sure the admins will ever actually lift the quarantine.
Hand the Left a devastating defeat next November! God bless President Trump!
Good advice.
Typical "zero tolerance" policies. The powerful decide who "zero tolerance" applies to, and who it doesn't.
Oh believe me, we aren't going anywhere.
We hold the line here lads, no retreat and no surrender. 

Fire up your meme ovens, it’s time for baking.
Whoever wrote this is a very good person.  Be happy to have a drink with them any time.
There is at least 1 blue dog left in the wild.  Kudos to you sir.  Your kind is almost extinct already and now they have moved to us   ...spez  you should join us because the alternative  is a totalitarian wasteland
Well... that was damning.
The dude says he's going to roll over and say nothing. He doesn't deserve all the back-slapping here.
The enemy of my enemy is my friend.

Anonymous mod, we appreciate your support. To the ‘pedes: HOLD THE LINE and man the meme cannons.
Honestly, I really hope this community can find a better alternative that is NOT reddit. This site is DIGG way past ripe.
All it takes for evil to persist is for good men to stand by and do nothing.
Pedes, the end will be near when the admins tell us that we can't behave and start forcing admin-appointed mods on us. It's happened before so keep out a watchful eye.

Until that day, let us keep fighting the good fight. Take my dragon energy, based mood team!
Imagine being so arrogant you feel you have the right and duty to determine what others should read and say
Just denounce through Veritas if you have the balls. Otherwise honestly this is not helping anyone. Be brave o be stomped by your "allies" on the left
Reddit will never remove the quarantine. This is just step one to a complete ban.  We need to build a parallel community elsewhere so the subscriber base isn’t completely lost when this ship goes down.
Segmentation is the mission. They are already working the segmentation angle on the chans and on voat and gab.

This isn't just on Reddit, this is a Media Matters/Share Blue OPERATION. They have people counter signaling in every place that potential T\_D users might also be to rattle the cage to segment the base and disperse it amongst a ton of other sites so its smaller, harder to hear and easier to invalidate.
This ought to be trending on T_D.
Just go along with what they want!  Be a good boy and help them run out the clock!

This is peak cuckoldry.
What we got there is a liberal and not a progressive. There is a massive difference.
I bet there are a lot that don’t want to be chastised for the way they fell. The militant left wing is causing their own demise.  Look at the latest lgbtq poll. Acceptance rates are falling because they won’t shit the fuck up about it and want to force people to wear rainbow pins.
There are a lot of "leftist" who aren't as extreme. Most don't go on reddit. Reddit takes the extreme voice of the left and amplifies it. The average far leftist has an underpaying job and lives with their parents. That isn't what a majority of people are. A sizeable number, maybe a 3rd has no job. Unemployment rate is at 4 percent. 

The ones who don't work are especially active and have multiple accounts and mod multiple subs. Their entire world is about "the struggle" because without this self importance they're just some unemployed people living with their parents spending hours moderating internet subs not getting paid. 

So They're part of the "Brave struggle" to "resist".
Agreed
I know a lot if people are told to go to gab, (maybe create accounts there, but know you would be in a right wing echo chamber for the time being until it grows bigger)but I think it would be better to stay on Twitter/FB/Instagram for the sole purpose of dispersing truth memes on highly visible liberal/celeb/musician/sports accounts/comments section. If people go to gab or delete thier accounts, they will create a left echo chamber. This is what they want. Thats why they censor- to decrease reach. By you leaving, you are censoring yourself and helping them win. I'm starting to wonder if people telling us to leave are share blue shills, because leaving would help them, not us. I think its better to stay and disperse memes to redpill. You don't have to use your own account, create a new anon account to push memes. I would not know about the Trump truth narrative without those memes. The goal is to wake up other people, not runaway to gab in my opinion. We didn't win 2016 by leaving, we stayed and spread the truth!
Remember when on Reddit people just used Downvotes to moderate the Obscene comments? And criticized comments were upvoted if they were worded intelligently?

So like. The minute that happens somewhere else Reddit dies and it's just a shell of leftism.
They are also asking us to self censor views that the admin find intolerable. Something you personally attempt whenever possible. 

This will eventually create yet another "conservative" place that surrenders to the left on issue after issue until we again find ourselves defending the liberalism of five years ago from the liberalism of today. 

No thanks.
All the admins are SRD faggots.  They'll just tell you to cry harder, while crying about every little thing.
mods need to get on this
Sending it to the admins presupposes any of this is based on rules. Admins will ignore what you send. You need to show everyone else the examples and wake them up to the double standard. Don't waste precious seconds yelling at a void.
This. You just know that his Google sting was a major reason why this quarantine occurred.
Then demand the admins uphold *every* political subreddit to the same standards. If you want to be tough and respected, you can’t be selective.


It’ll never happen, and that’s why there needs to be an actual free speech amendment reconsideration heading to apply to online forums. Either that, or a straight up lawsuit. Because at this point, it is becoming political suppression.
i just reported a comment on redacted that admitted to breaking site-wide rules by continuously making accounts to avoid bans and troll this sub. it goes to redacteds mod team.. gee what a coincidence.
>They messaged through the platform, reddit can trace it back to them and take action. 

This is how I know it is fake.  

That and the mention of "default mod"
> We all aren't Conservatives here, many are Classical Liberals or Libertarians who have voted for Democrats in the past 

I think this is what scares them more than anything else.  This sub pulls together people of all kinds of different backgrounds and beliefs.  The_Donald is a unifying force and this terrifies them.
yup. fuck voat and fuck gab. gab likes to masturbate to themselves when in reality they barely have a few thousand members. and they are even more elitist than twatter. you have to JOIN/SIGN UP with them before lurking. meanwhile on twatter you don't have to sign up to lurk and read tweets.
I can't log into my Voat account because it's been "locked". Can't imagine why. And no apparent recourse. Just "try again later".
We don't trend fake news.
If you have better alternatives, then provide them. 

Otherwise you're just bitching and moaning without offering solutions.
A classical liberal -- the best and only good kind!
Yeah, I worded it poorly. I meant something along the lines of "I wish more of the visible leftist were like him"
I think there’s plenty of “leftists” who are actually more like us than they realize. I used to be one of them.

Good people, who just haven’t put much thought into it. Always carry a supply of red pills at all times.
Exactly, by leaving platforms we are effectively censoring ourselves and granting them their wish. People need to see our message and our viewpoints. They want our ideas banished from existence to create the world they want.

Truth is neither side is completely right, the truth lies in the middle. That is the strength of allowing multiple viewpoints and letting the masses decide for themselves what is right. By censoring any opposing opinions we are no better than North Korea.
Remember when people knew that upvotes / downvotes weren't a agree / disagree button? It was there to say it was a legitimate part of the discussion and not just trolling or spam.
TL;DR    Never offer concessions to the left.  Never give up your rights to the left in exchange for anything.  They will never reciprocate.   How many gun control measures have ever been walked back?  

Exactly.
Agree they will, and they have, as mods of subs do, ignore the left's violation of the rules.  

That doesn't mean compiling a list and posting it in other subs of what conservatives and Trump supporters have been banned for and a list of hate and calls for violence that are are reported in other subs that are allowed to stay up and considered not to be a violation won't be effective.  

Middle of the road reddit users, who generally aren't sympathetic to T\_D, but who dislike and disapprove of double standards can be reached.  There is blatant hypocrisy, it needs to be exposed, doing nothing is defeatism.
>Then demand the admins uphold *every* political subreddit to the same standards.   

What on god's green earth makes you think the admins give half of a shit about what we demand?!?
Yeah, fuck them. They're totally against your mission to promote homosexuality, replacement level immigration, and Israeli interests.
Lurkers are the worst.
hence the confusion when Americans hear that our (Australian) right wing party is called *Liberals*.
Okay Rubin we get it!
That was me.  I just hated politics and didn't pay attention.  But it seemed right to be all feel-good and compassionate and thinking about policy details in that sense was boring.  And conservatives were mean.

My goodness, how I have changed.  They have to go back.
If they’re going to act like a publisher but try to be a platform at the same time, they’re gonna have a bad time
All three of which are not things he mentioned. I would say you're the one who's fixated on those "issues." You're also the kind of person that is holding Gab back from being the platform that can break the Silicon Valley monopoly.
They are the audience of every word.
I was hoping that the Liberal party would kick Telstra's ass into gear and make them unblock bitchute, 4chan, archive and voat.

But I guess asking our government to be somewhat productive is asking a bit too much.
Confuse myself here calling myself “liberal”. Always have to think about it first.
Are they? That model is working fine for Facebook and Twitter
Poldicer is intelligent, determined, and has been here for a long time. Unfortunately, enforcing the views I listed above is the reason he graces us with his presence. 

Take another look at his comment. Almost everything he says carries an ulterior motive.

The truths told on Gab and Voat are the reason why they will never be promoted by the media or mainstream commentators. 

Removing those truths destroys the very reason these places exist.
I started calling myself a liberal again around 10 years ago and started calling the usurpers leftists. I'm not letting them take the word and turn it into something hateful and disgusting.
That guy poldicer shills for daca and pretty much shits on everything right-wing, but he "loves" POTUS, so he can maintain plausible deniability and no one's the wiser.
If you are new here, that's not George Soros and Koch Brothers money.
I'm donating the maximum allowed by law tomorrow when I cash my father's life insurance. He would be proud.
how long until the first debate starts ? Is there somewhere I can see a schedule ?
Just threw $35 to the Don. I'm a poor blue collar type like "middle class" Joe.
well done, patriot
Welcome! We agree with you!!!!
Thanks for fighting the good fight with us.
Hey PewDiePie!  Big fan.
Welcome Swede. Welcome to the Trump Train
Hey I remember Sweden! Was a pretty neat place.
Welcome aboard!
Welcome to the_donald.  

Heard you guys have some grenade problems in Sweden.  We tried to warn you.
Get this guy a coat!
Welcome, fren!
Welcome home.

As a Dutchie I got interested in your language through Cornelis Vreeswijk, the Dutch singer/songwriter that moved to Sweden when he was very young. His Dutch work is extraordinary funny, but he did some pretty serious songs as well.

The happenings of today got this song stuck in my head (the english version), so I'm kind of hoping the lyrics mean more or less the same in Swedish: Especially the last bit where he sings about everything being upside down and the whole world seeming false. https://youtu.be/48eX6a8nsyg?t=132

I first heard the song in the Dutch version, then the English version, and after that the Swedish one. 

The English version also ends on an appropriate note, I think: https://youtu.be/t2vooRaQna0?t=95


Sammantaget står vi starka, hälsningar från Holland!
Thanks for holding the line along side us frien. we re in this for the long haul!
OP do you have access to heavy-metal umlauts?  We're gonna need some to fight off this siege.
We love our foreign pedes! Thank you for your support
I was going to say reddit isn't the government but if the CIA is paying them ...
Välkommen.
Welcome.

How is the immigration situation in Sweden? I heard it has gotten pretty out of control in some areas that have become no go zones.
Welcome!!! Thanks for joining.
Good days and bad days it's a never ending party celebrating freedom and America; truth and justice will prevail!
Welcome!
Welcome!! I can't read any news reports with Sweden in it's title these days. It depresses and scares me too much. Good luck!
Welcome!

With our political season kicking off over here, I'm curious about your opinion as someone from Sweden. Many of the Democratic candidates hold up the Nordic countries as examples of an ideal socio-economic system, but I've never once heard these candidates bring up the income tax and VAT that you have to pay to afford  the government programs. What do you think about the taxes you pay relative to the services you recieve?
<3 Welcome to our Wonderful Swedish Friend <3
Ok seriously I’m praying for your country! 🙏🙏🙏 I have read about too much bad stuff there. We love you!! God Bless you and your great country! 🙌
Liberals are happening to it.
👍👍👍
We are glad you are here!
Austrian here. Who if not the U.S. will stand for freedom of speech? Our failing EU definately isn't!
Yes! Welcome!
A fellow Swede joins the Trump Train 👍
[removed]
Thank you!
Anytime, anywhere. :)
Hey, just because he's Swedish doesn't mean he's PewDiePie.  

It's possible that it's Notch.
Skrattar du, förlorar du, maaaaannen!

Pewds cool. And hello to you too.
Thank you. Fight fair. Everyone should be able to speak their word. It's a right.
WE JUST CAN'T STOP WINNING, FOLKS! THE TRUMP TRAIN JUST GOT 10 BILLION MPH FASTER!
CURRENT SPEED: 323,899,385,117,000 MPH!
At that rate, it would take approximately 5.181 years to travel to the Andromeda Galaxy (2.5 million light-years)!
We try out best, we have our pros and cons like everyone else. :)
Thank you!
Yeah crime is on an uprise. More and more people try to seek refuge in Sweden, and don't take me wrong here I would love to help, just not everyone at once. We are basically down on our knees and it feels like our government is treating Sweden like shit, doing everything for money. Our legendary welfare is nowhere to be found.

What hurts the most is that newly arrived immigrants have better rights and offers than a native born Swed. People that has been sitting in an apartment que system for over 15+ years get bypassed by a newly arrived immigrants. We already had a shortage of apartments before the big crisis with immigration. it's safe to say that almost everything is underfunded and in a stand still.

Funnily enough we also pay the highest taxes, I wonder where all that money is being spent cause I sure as hell can't see it getting used in a responsible way.

I try to stay unbiased. This is just my current opinion and understanding of our current situation.
Reddit admins killed the bots. They were the first victims of the Great Meme War.

Hold on I got you Swedish pede:

**FOR THE LOVE OF GOD GET THIS PATRIOT A COAT! THATS 192,838 COATS HANDED OUT!**

We are 78.26% of our goal to coat the 246,393 great people of Norfolk, Virginia. Lets make sure everyone gets a coat in the United States! For every Centipede a coat for every coat a Centipede!
Thank you!
Thanks, I feel welcomed.
That song is literally how I feel today about the swedish political and government problems. It might be better someday but at the moment it sure as hell just feels like a surreal dream.

The meaning stays the same between the two songs for sure. His a great artist, much love for him and his words.

And yeah I agree, together we stand strong!
No problem. It's always the extreme leftist that screams the loudest. Funny how they always want to exterminate the right. 

I'd go for co existing, freedom of speech and right  to share your opinion no matter where you stand. Hey, I might not like someone's else opinion or way of life but they sure as hell still have right to express themself in the same way I have my rights to disagree with em.

This however is a new low, clearly they can't fight s political fight fair. But I trust in fairness, and I trust in you guys. Together y'all can accomplish anything.
Of course I do! They are at your disposal!
I gladly give it!
Tackar mina bekanta!
I've been to some no go zones in Stockholm (where I live) and yeah they are alot worse than wear today than say 10 years ago. Reason is that the government dosen't give a shit about you, dosen't matter if you are born in Sweden like me or an immigrant.

If you are a new arrival they will bypass the so called bostadskö, which literally means appartement que. A system where you have to sign on (biggest one being the Stockholms bostadskö), pay a yearly fee and stay in that que for 15+ years until you can get something you want (most swedes do not want to waste their place in the que, which you lose if you take an apartment. To get a place in a no-go zone.)

So they build a new good looking appartement area, 50% Is given to people in the que and 50% to newly arrived immigrants that bypass the que and rarely pay any rent, live on welfare et.c.

The good hard working immigrants also complains about the situation, some get deported while the law breaking ones can just recommit crimes and never get deported. The system just dosen't work. Its just one of many problems in Sweden at the moment.

Problem with no-go zones are that Sweden is failing on the integration part of immigration. So in those zones about 95% are immigrants. They tend to believe that swedish law is below them and they try to take their belief, culture and in some cases laws and apply them here. Which in result means that security firms, fire trucks and ambulances need police escort to do their job for risk of getting their cars stoned or tires slashed.

I try to stay unbiased, these are just my opinions about the current situation.
Thanks!
Truth and justice, we have to fight for our rights everyday, for everyone. Especially the ones that can't be heated. The freedom and rights to express your opinion freely.
I think we are sitting in the same boat (Sweden and USA) when it comes to this. The only main diffrence is that the leftist even has a larger group on the media here. Which saddens me too.

I reject almost all news source because they are biased. We almost had a right victory last election. Sadly the central party (centerpartiet) turned their backs to the right party and joined the left, with the only reason being that they do not want to work together with what they call a racist party (everyone is either a Nazi or racist in the eyes of the left), that party being the third strongest voted party, the Swedish democrats, (Sverigedemokraterna).

I believe that Most Sweds wants a change, and currently is living in a suppressed state where the left is doing everything in their power to remain in power.
Oohhhh fuck me man I had some lively discussion with my SO about this.

In short we pay so, so much tax. I dream of a day where I just loss my cool and try to move to the States where I atleast feel that you guys have to pay for almost everything from your own pocket but have low taxes.

It makes no sense. We pay alot of fucking money to the government. If you work they have a hidden tax called arbetsgivaravgift. They literally take about a third of your wage before you even get it. You have 2/3 left and that is what you see on paper. From here they tax that part again but this time directly and open from you. You then pay tax on literally everything. Yet when you look around you can't help to see where is that money going, the government fails to present where they spend said money. We should have a flawless healthcare system, good schools et.c. but no. My speculation is that current parties funnel the cash towards their own pockets thru company's they own or by other means.

We just keep paying taxes and our debt grows larger. We even have to fucking pay taxes for our plastic bags (called the plastpåse skatt (plastic bag tax) where we have to pay up towards almost a dollar for a plastic bag Everytime we go to buy groceries.)

That's insane. What happens with the tax I, and all other Sweds pay, is a good question. I would guess towards getting even more immigrants to our country so the government officials can get their bonuses and bribe money from the EU and others.

My opinions as always, I try to stay unbiased. Worth mentioning is that you hit the right button here. A point where I easily get mad about.
Much love to you to! <3
And I pray for yours. You guys have the central stage. Spotlight is on you guys. Do your best to show em that y'all will not fail!
I updooted your inquiry for awareness. I think those being banned for 'censorship' may be falling victim to rule #6 of this sub:

VI   Trump Supporters Only

This forum is for Trump supporters only. If you have questions about our president, our way of thinking or other discussion questions, post on r/AskThe_Donald, where we will gladly answer. This forum is NOT for that.
Notch is also based.
Could be ABBA tool.
Hahahaha
> What hurts the most is that newly arrived immigrants have better rights and offers than a native born Swed

We have sanctuary cities here.  Illegal aliens are protected from state and federal crimes.  We have that too.

And we provide housing.  Credit cards for food and necessities.  And I still see someone from that neighborhood with their children begging.

I look at the crime map near me.  It is one place.  Only one place.  The section 8 (government) housing near me.  It is a giant red blob of crime.

We are fortunate here.  Because Central Americans are very good people.  They work very hard.  Don't commit much crime.  Most don't use government services.  Most don't use drugs.  Most go to church.  They are good people.
We are the bots now. hehe
I'm sorry to hear this is the situation. I have seen documentaries about it and heard news about it but it's hard to always believe based on a few sources. Yet it seems to be confirmed by everyone I've asked who lives in Sweden, who say similar to you.

There are too many people in the world for successful countries to be able to help them by mass immigration.

It doesn't seem sustainable as many cases seem to prove.
Yeah Notch is/was biased. Haven't heard much of him here in Sweden. Last thing I heared was that he bought a big mansion, also heated that he threated People like shit and complained that he was depressed and alone.
Is he a [Dancing Queen?](https://youtu.be/xFrGuyw1V8s)
Your right. We need to copy and paste the bots message and make our own. Or just make our own shit up and have a good laugh.
May...be?
LOL!
Why can't  I up vote this post
Too late redditards. Even if you ban us we’ve already won 2020
The whole point is to silence his supporters so that he won't be President anymore
up voted 96%.  Putting that downvote back really makes a difference.
I'm not even American, but he's still the best Goddamned president of my lifetime.
Incoming leftists he is your president!!!! And will win by a land slide in 2020
He's not mine but damn do I wish he was
They can **try** to stop the MAGA train in 2020!
[A certain self proclaimed idiot you might remember](https://youtu.be/vk_QnKtBH8w?t=28)


When reality hits you ....in the face.
He should receive the same respect as Obama.
Thank God
k lol

salty tears i guess?

i don't really care...
 Not my president.
and then we will just come back even stronger
Are you a US citizen?
http://magaimg.net/img/8b7s.gif
Lol honestly he's probably not. Just another cockroach living in our house rent free
Just imagine if he did an AMA in the upcoming days: A President doing an AMA on a quarantined subreddit!
Aren't there federal regulations and protections on presidential communications?
Yep, he even answered my  [question](https://old.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/4uxdbn/im_donald_j_trump_and_im_your_next_president_of/d5tmgrl/) about law enforcement, and everyone expressed their love and appreciation for police.

I've been here since the beginning and this sub has always been unanimously pro-law enforcement.
He was not yet President unfortunately
Is there any chance of getting this quarantine reversed or naw?
So when we getting him back for another AMA?
If "he" started posting here daily like he does on twitter there would be nothing they could do.
You might be on to something. What if Trump stopped tweeting and started posting here as his way of communicating? I don’t know but liberal heads would explode trying to divide by zero.
we need another ama to raise awareness
As much as I’m outraged over this, that is a poor argument.  If the president writes something on a piece of paper and sticks it on a wall, are you never allowed to throw it out?

The key thing here is that these companies have to start being neutral platforms.  When there is a oligarchy of information being held hostage by a left wing tech cult, there is a problem.

Strange how the same people adamant that Verizon should never control the flow of information through their services are totally ok with different companies deciding what is available on the other side.
We need GEOTUS to start AMA weekly. Even if for 5 minutes.
We need to get him back in here for an AMA
Tweet to him AND Donald Jr.
That would break the internet for sure lol
He NEEEDS to do this!!!!!!
Let's page ole Brad Parscale
That would be legendary.

Please. There is something in it for Trump, too. Exposure. Just look at this, the normstream media is running with the story already: 

https://www.google.com/search?ei=J4EUXdymC-2Ck74Pg_unmAU&q=%22the_donald%22+quarantine&oq=%22the_donald%22+quarantine&gs_l=psy-ab.12..0i19j0i5i30i19.11752.11752..13199...0.0..0.99.99.1......0....1..gws-wiz.YkA8XLAPytA
Does that mean that Spez tampering with our posts is against federal regulations on presidential communications?
The only idiots here who are anti police are shills and politics trolls.
It's fucking DARVO.  "cop hating" is a damn sport on a good portion of reddit.  Go to any major subreddit news or political when anything "Cop  related" comes up.  It's always "pigs this" "one bad cop means all are bad" that.   It's been like that for almost a decade now - to the point that it's just background white noise for old-school redditors.

But TD?  ROFL, never.   It's such a blatant lie I think they are trying to send a message "not only can we say what we want about you, but "everyone" will believe it and there is nothing you can do about it"

Reddit admins are scum - have been for a long time now.   I've witnessed other earlier "Admin" drama that pre-dates TD (my main is over 9 years old).
Well, did you finally become an officer?
So if we get him to do an AMA here we can make sure the sub stays up?
He was still a candidate
he is now though
LOL, what do you think? Spez is just going to roll it back, "boys will be boys"? 🐸
Nah they would ban him due to "merhhh disgruntled employee"...
💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀🤣 that would be fucking amazing lmao
Can you imagine? Fireside chats with President Trump.
Let's get him on.
No clue.  I'm not even sure what the regulations are.

I can imagine the counter argument would be that it still exists.
Not sure if it would count when he was the candidate as opposed to being elected, as much as I want to agree.
Fuck off man. I'm pro American, cops included, but anyone enforcing unconstitutional laws is part of the problem. The police are the enforcement arm of the elite. There are good cops and bad cops, and it's stupid to act like any group of people is above scrutiny. Unanimous my ass.
It is because as media repeats the lie, a pro trump person who supports free speech will still think “Well, if they were making plans to hurt police officers, then it makes sense to take them down.”
Facts it’s scary how the left can create whatever narrative they want about you and everybody will believe it!
Possibly.
I thought he was president - elect?
Yeah next step is the graveyard boys that’s why we need GEOTUS on here, to save The_Donald!!!
Holy fuck that would be awesome. What would you ask him dude?
This is how to Keep America Great! <3
Good point
Fuckkk true you’re right :/ that would’ve been epic if Boss Trump really sued reddit tho LMAO
You got a chip on your shoulder, Karen?
can agree but can't agree with the delivery, let's keep our delivery as civil as possible, you know what, I love memes, just give it to me as a meme than as profanity.
Someone with knowledge of the law (not an armchair internet lawyer) answer this plox
At that point no, he wasn't. It was still campaign season.
Sidebar says it was done in July
He said “armchair internet lawyer” 💀💀💀🤣
Black Trump supporters?

Dems: “Does not compute”.
Damn fine looking group of patriots there!
Patriots!  🇺🇸 🇺🇸 🇺🇸
Nice photo!. I want that blue hat in the middle.
ABL up front and center
Admins: "Clearly this is a picture of blacks held at gunpoint. Racist and violent. Must ban!"
awesome pic, i'd high five every one of them if i could
Please understand, here at T_D, ALL are welcome.  We like healthy debates, lots of jokes, and share news from our lives.  Be respectful, especially to those about whom your preconceived notions may not imagine, and you are welcome.

I would gladly have my blonde daughter marry who she loved, and anyone from this picture would be fine with me.
These people are strong and fearless to go against the democratic party zeitgeist.
Those fucking white supremacist Nazis make me sick.
What's the guys name down in front? I was watching his youtube stream of the D debate tonight.
Oh look, all nicely dressed, no facial tattoos.  Smiling, approachable, **employable**.

Such oppression!
Are you crazy? We can't post NAZI pictures.
Dang! That chick in the blue hat tho?? 😍😏
Horrible Racists
More black people in that pic than black users of r blackpeopletwitter
Dems: "Yo Soy" - translation - I am soy
Anthony Brian Logan
They have to manually brigade now.  
  
Quarantine means you have to have an email attached to your account so no more downvote bots.  
  
So they will actually be reading threads...  
  
#FUCK YOU FAGGOTS
I like the term scumfuck
#THIS AMERICA
They aren't liberal. They are the very definition of authoritarian.
[Kek](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mnRbAlwkNbo)
[removed]
I'm a 40 year democrat but I voted for Donald Trump.  
I myself was blinded by the fake news and the uniparty scam.  
  
Flipping independent voters is easy. Flipping democrat voters is a little bit harder. They've been lied to. If they are halfway sane and can hold a conversation it doesn't take very long to tell them the truth.
> scumfuck


this is my catchphrase now.
**Triggered**
gg would be proud
Yep.
New is where it’s at
It’s incredibly important you vote up what you feel contributes to this sub. Show them WE WILL NOT BE SILENCED. We are going to win the meme war again.
Great idea.  Salute!
God speed you do honorable work
I haven't seen any myself and I sort by new all the time. Mostly I think people post in big threads and their crap gets lost in the shuffle bc nobody upvotes it.
Some libtard calls me racist and wishes me dead every other day on this site. Fuck you reddit. Everyone can see through this horseshit.
The censorship makes me sick. All of reddit is incredibly left wing, yet they can't even allow us this one single place to discuss our views with like minded people.
So where do we go next?  I just created a VOAT account. It seems similar to Reddit but I don't know which community to subscribe to.

I understand the need to stay where the people are and influence, however, Reddit can't be trusted. It should be treated like twitter and facebook with occasional and deliberate interaction targeted towards normal people.

&#x200B;

Edit: They have a The\_Donald at Voat. Seems like it has potential. But damn there is a lot of racist people over there.
two things, first, no one on the mod team can prevent bad actors from posting, nor can they prevent hoax posting by people who wish to harm the community. Punishing the community based on these actions is wrong. Secondly, I have heard that reddit is a private business, and we all know private businesses cant discriminate based on ideology...see "wedding cake"...
Yep.
He’s one of us and he’s watching. 


https://mobile.twitter.com/Surabees/status/1143955592899387393
I usually vote libertarian but I might go trump 2020.  My vote doesn’t count because my state is bluer than a baristas balls.
Time for some transparency at Reddit! These in-kind donations to the DNC are going to be reckoned with.
cReDiBlE aCcUsAtIoN!!!!
No doubt. He definitely is. He tweeted on of my memes a while back. Jim Acosta border wall day...I had him in front of a big aquarium.
I wish we could see the the posts. But I guess it would be against the rules?
What's the name of the singer? What's her effect?
[removed]
Don't worry, this will usually backfire lol just look at when they demonitized Crowder.
They are the party of tolerance you stupid racist!
It matters. Voting is one of the most important responsibilities you have as a citizen of the United States of America. I consider it my civic duty. Please don’t throw away this opportunity to participate in the great American experience.
I'm an atheist and I plan win on Earth.
I hope you’re joking. This mindset will bring our defeat in 2020.
Oh, I was going to go
For Weld.  Libertarian.
Me too! As above so below. You guys can fight for us in the spiritual realm. We fight here.
It is as foreseen by the bible.
That’s OK! Just don’t throw away your opportunity to participate!
I've heard this one before.
I honestly don't know how CNN has any viewers left. They keep shooting themselves in the foot every chance they get.
The clown emoji is soon to be gone forever.
Don Lemon May be the stupidest man on television but Stelter is a real close second
Jeff Zucker - At CNN we don't investigate, we report what we know. 

Brian Stelter - When I Google "Google corruption" I don't see any corruption at Google.
We need to get the term googling out of our lexicon. Consciously avoid it. It gives Google free advertising. There are alternatives. Duckduckgo. Bing. I'm sure there are others. If you say googled, it only gives them more legitimacy.
Honk
Holy shit! He's literally describing Google's censorship. Experiencing it. Living it. Can't find what he's looking for cos they don't want him too.

But still he denies it. Still he thinks it isn't happening. He can't/won't see the reality which is directly in front of his face.
> After watching fox, 

A mainstream media network.

> seeing the talk shows promote project veritas

A website that you can visit to see all the source information yourself.

> i googled

Used the tool that's allegedly engaging in censorship to find information about said tool engaging in censorship...

> for a reliable news account of what's going on

Read: I searched for a left-biased source to find an agreeable narrative framework for how I should view this situation, rather than using the Fox coverage that I'm already aware of or going directly to the source which I'm also already aware of and consuming the raw video evidence myself so as to formulate my own opinion.
Specifically "reliable" news sources, so to him thats anything that isnt conservative.
HONK FUCKING HONK
Congratulations, you played yourself.
it's fair, I keep searching cnn for news on reporting inaccuracies.
How is a video recording from within Google not a reliable news source? Even if Project Veritas is bias, which admittedly they do have a right leaning bias, this is a video! An employee at Google literally said they're censoring right wing sources to prevent another Trump situation. What, does he think these are doctored videos? Absolute idiot.
Say it even deeper, Darth: THE MOST TRUSTED NAME IN N^E^W^S^...
Brian Seltzers brain is as fat as his stomach
I wonder if Google could be reported to SEC for market manipulation. They seem to be actively suppressing news about themselves, which artificially protects their stocks value.

They should definitely be audited for this
Clown News Network
dumber than shit
\# ^(onk) onk
Clown News Network
🤡🌎
Please whenever you are in a waiting room anywhere that has CNN on to placate the zombies go tell them you are offended and ask them to change the channel.
Loser did that on purpose
What search engines y'all using?
You are legit being insulted by anyone who throws a CNN link at you.
This is the best tweet for 2019 far. What an idiot.
Such low IQ.  Only a sheep that doesn’t critically think for itself would believe such stupidity.
Google complaining about selectively edited videos because they selectively edit search results.
Congratulations, you just played yourself.
Be CNN’s eunuch: “hey evil man, are you evil?”
Evil man: “no”
The eunuch: “SEE!! Nothing to see here!”  

.infinitefacepalm
It's like when Jim Acosta filmed himself at a section of the border which already has a wall and said "I don't see any migrant crisis here".

Thanks for proving our point, you idiot!
Brian Stelter already held idiot status but he has completely outdone himself.
A liberals best quality is their lack of self-awareness
Not only googling for info on google censorship, but FOX has repeatedly been shown to have about 50/50 bias politically and I don't know of any major retractions they've had to make recently, yet this person excludes them from "reliable news" because FOX.
>CNN person is retarded 

This is my shocked face ---> 😱
This is hilarious and sad
HONK
HONK
>"I googled for a reliable news account"*

jfc this guy is so far up his own ass he eats everything twice.

1. He used google for dirt on google, implying that google should be used for....

2. "reliable source" thats his fucking show's name lol (ironic since all he does is cry and lie)

3. "I can't really find one". Weasel words. "Can't really", or "can't", dude? You are a journalist, stop talking like a teenage girl.

4. Brian Stelter is a teenage girl inside, regardless, look at the way he talks. Fucking feminine as hell.

5. I like how he inserted **news** account, like that's just where information comes from. "news account". lmao 'only listen to us'. Remember when that douche Cuomo told people it was illegal to look at sources and they could only get it from CNN? FUCK THIS IS INFURIATING
 meme discord up, pm me for invite
This man has more teeth than brain cells.
What a joke this cuck is.

They’re not even trying to hide bias anymore.
Think about the journalistic malfeasance.  Even if he wasn't using Google, did he call O'Keefe and ask to see the tape from beginning to end?

Every time these videos com out, the left screams "selectively edited" even if it was just cutting out silence.
dumb fat faggot
That's rich.  "I'm Googling for news sources about how Google censors news sources that criticize Google, but I can't seem to find any." Haha! That's fucking rich. Talk about chasing your tail. Man, you cannot make this shit up.
Try Bing Brian
#[honking intensifies]
Brian Stelter= one stupid POS.  Can't find it on google you say?  Could it be because your pals at the google banned it?
Switch from google chrome and google search.

Lots of better options like firefox and duckduckgo
The main American news media is running a sustained and agressive communist propaganda machine.  I never in my life thought I'd ever see this.
Jesus... the real crazy thing is they probably have no fucking clue just how retarded they are
So is it me or is he admitting only Fox is an actual news outlet. I mean if ALL the others aren't even mentioning or looking into it would that suggest that they aren't actual news outlets.
That's not how Google works.. idiots leading idiots.
They nuked clownworldwar last night.
can't be caught censoring if you censor the evidence that you are censoring information
A newsman is googling for news
I checked all over this Chinese website and it has nothing about Chinese censorship.
It’s interesting how evey single media outlet that’s not conservative basically ignored this...
I cannot tell if Brian really is this retarded, or if this is a shitpost.

I know, i know of course he is
Original tweet and archive link, in case he takes it down

[https://twitter.com/brianstelter/status/1143685846425624578](https://twitter.com/brianstelter/status/1143685846425624578)

[https://web.archive.org/web/20190626182256/https://twitter.com/brianstelter/status/1143685846425624578](https://web.archive.org/web/20190626182256/https://twitter.com/brianstelter/status/1143685846425624578)
This is golden. 

Also, fuck Reddit.
AT&T owns CNN.  The moment I found that out I switched to Verizon and I am saving $75 per month for unlimited everything. 🇺🇸
Google? If it's like Bing (it is, I just checked)  the first 25 results are WAPO, NYTs, CNN, MSLSD, CBS, NBC, Newsweak, USA Today, ABC and yeah Faux.  Google should have a tagline that says "supporting the establishment."
I googled "cnn google cencership" and my first hit was [washingtonexaminer.com](https://www.washingtonexaminer.com/opinion/google-ceo-openly-admits-to-censorship-in-new-cnn-interview). In this article the first link was [this](https://podcasts.apple.com/us/podcast/google-ceo-sundar-pichai/id1201282406?i=1000441698736) hour-long CNN interview from a couple weeks ago where the Google CEO openly talks about censorship.

Is this some sort of joke that I don't understand?
Look mom i can use google im a reporter now!
Maybe he should CNN it! OH wait is that a thing!?
This truly is *peak* clownworld at cnn
Justice for Jussie
That fucking eunuch has the lowest level of self awareness in the world, you really can’t make this shit up, how dumb can you be?? Lmao 

You’re not gonna find it on google, brian, you idiot. That really does make a lot of sense though, no wonder CNN isn’t covering it, they couldn’t find the story to report on it cause they use google!
#Clown News Network
Stelter is full blown retarded
AT&T owns CNN.  I dumped AT&T and went to Verizon.  Saving $75 per month for unlimited everything. 🇺🇸
Ah thank you for this. Couldn’t find any info on Veritas so I made the switch the DuckDuckGo. Screw google!
**C**low**NN**
Lol....like standing in the desert and saying you can’t see the beach
They are a Deep State funded propaganda machine. Airports and headlines that can be repeated on leftists sites like redacted etc.

If they relied on ratings to survive half of their 'stars' wouldn't even be there any longer. Hell, they'd have probably already folded.
They have contracts in most major airports. Even with the few 'viewers' they get, nobody is actually watching it, it just happens to be playing on a TV.
My grandpa has cnn on at his house 24 7. When hes not watching golf, its anti trump propaganda. I never start any sort of argument with him, always him with me, spewing whatever crap he saw on there. Old people are who watches CNN.
[removed]
it's some kind of experiment to see how far they can go that's short of "hey you dumb ass libs we are literally feeding you lies how can you believe this are you actually this retarded" that they can go without the libs turning on them
It's running 24/7 in hospitals, airports, burger king, ect.
it will be the next thing they ban.
[deleted]
"awatching"... is that like "awaiting"?
Is Stelter the "eunuch"?
You mean *^Little ^Brian ^Stelter?*
Dude is asking for a source while literally watching a source. Low IQ doesn't even begin to describe it.
You want to see a clip of don lemon that will make you want to vomit. Look at his smug, dishonest attempt to shut down the New Orleans police chief (also a black man) regarding the narrative of police violence.
Like that idiot Acosta saying he doesn't see any illegals near the wall. No shit.
Google actually hates that people use it as a verb. It makes it almost impossible to defend their trademark, kind of like "hoovers" in the UK being a term not a brand so all their competitors started using it. Don't believe me? Feel free to google it on Bing or something.
Can we bring back askjeeves?!
It's really hard to. I want to promote sites like DuckDuckGo but you can't so "just DuckDuckGo it," it sounds stupid. Really we need a good competitor search engine to rebrand to a name that sounds good in a sentence like that.
Honk
"I googled for information about google censoring information and couldn't find it, so it must not be happening."

-Brian Stelter, literally.
I keep searching CNN for news, can't find any.

Just kidding I would never give them a click.
Yeah that's the line they're trying to sell.  Remove the video as much as possible and then claim it's "out of context".  It's completely not, she says clearly that they are trying to prevent "the next trump situation" meaning the next time leftist communists want something and don't get it.
Original sources we don't like = fake and out of context

Anonymous sources we like = real and 100% true
Can I get this video? Thanks
Too bad for him his IQ isn't as high as his body fat percentage.
DuckDuckGo
DuckDuckGo and bing
Their selectively edited search results make it hard to find said video that they claim is selectively edited, but if you can manage to find it, you see it is clearly not - so they edit their search results more to make it harder to see for yourself.
They don't consider the examiner a reputable news source.    


Reputable news sources are NYT, WaPo, Huff, CNN, etc
Was at the doc earlier. 

They were showing a couple of people they say drowned in the river trying to swim to the US.

They blamed it on Trump. Why? Because he's forcing people to come in through legal means. That apparently **forced** these people to swim across the river and drown.

"I know this is hard to look at, but look at this. Look at this. Look at this photo. It doesn't matter if you're a Democrat or a Republican, there's a crisis at our border. These people drowned because of Donald Trump."

Let's also not forget how many staged photos and news reports CNN has been caught in over the years.
Fox isn't much better. In fact, if it wasn't for Tucker, I'd say it's exactly the same thing. I hope he moves to his own platform.
I honestly think Airports are their last remaining viewers and maybe a handful of people actually turn it on just so they can fact check the nonsense they spew - no one is actually watching CNN for news anymore.  It's a complete S.S. over there
[removed]
Don't forget the ten minutes of hate they produce daily for public school consumption.
That's been my experience as well.  I know it seems all the local McD's also have CNN playing.  Nobody in the store is paying any attention.
I am old.  It isn't old people.  It is lack of common sense and or curiosity.  It's lack of spidey senses, & questioning whether you are being lied to. And lack of desire to research, or just comparing multiple sources. Their viewers just don't want to bother to verify what is being said is actually true or FALSE!  Too much work. And MSM wouldn't lie, would it???  And the Left is counting on it … STUPID, UNINFORMED VOTERS.
Change his channel, change his mind.
Your comment was automatically removed because you directly linked to an outside subreddit or other user. This rule was put in place by Reddit admins because they don't want our users "interfering" in other communities.  Moderators will review for approval

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/The_Donald) if you have any questions or concerns.*
"Take back the rainbow" says anon
Staying on Reddit won't fix anything.
More like asleeping I think.
The one and only
Mark?
Right? I've heard and read UK peeps referring to any vacuum cleaning as "hoovering". Maybe we should say "Binging" even though that spells binging. Hmmm.
I really liked askjeeves, then we can call it "jeeving".
I always say "DuckDuckGo search"
Two scoops, two ducks.  GO
I can't find the actual tweet
Meanwhile if Trump says anything: "Drumph claims to have had toast for breakfast, here are 12 experts that know he's lying."
https://www.bitchute.com/video/re9Xp6cdkro/
❤
>"I know this is hard to look at, but look at this. Look at this. Look at this photo. It doesn't matter if you're a Democrat or a Republican, there's a crisis at our border. These people drowned because of Donald Trump."

One month earlier:  "Why is Trump manufacturing this crisis"
[removed]
And not a damned one of those people taking video or pictures thought to help these drowning people.
Is that an actual quote from CNN?
Alejandro remembers
I couldn't figure out last night (I missed Tucker) but on Hannity, then Ingraham, why did no one mention the PV video?  I waited and waited and thought I missed it, how?  I thought he mentioned it was coming up, and it lagged and lagged.  A lagging hour of nothing.  I didn't make it thru Ingraham. Same.  All about Mueller going before Congress.  How much can u say about that???   Now I see what happened.  They had shows scheduled, and were told last minute, they weren't running it. Dershowitz even said one of them had called **that night when he was home**, to get him on as a guest.  I thought that was really strange. All they talked about was Mueller answering questions before Congress … in a month.  Seriously?  Two hours worth of the same old lines Hannity brings up every night!  The Dossier, FISA warrants, lying to the FISC, the bought and paid for ... blah, blah . . .  you've all heard it before.  DiGenova told him months ago that was old news and get … off ... the … subject.  Hannity defaults still to it **every** night though.  I just couldn't believe it, or stand it any longer.  **He has knowledgeable guests with current answers to current questions.  Let THEM talk.  Let's hear them, not this broken record**.  Please. JMHO.
Remember when tucker was on cnn wrecking leftists daily on crossfire.  He was so good they told him not to come back and cancelled the whole thing.
Yeah I could care less for the rest of Fox. Tucker is easily the best cable news pundit around right now.
Really, guys, give Elizabeth MacDonald a try on Fox Business News.  She is pretty good and doesn't take crap.  She is on just before Lou Dobbs in my area.
Who is Regan, shill?

Fox News is part of the globalist uniparty propaganda machine.
[DEAR REDDIT ADMINS: IF THE_DONALD IS A PUBLISHER THEN REDDIT.COM IS AS WELL -- REMOVE THE QUARANTINE IMMEDIATELY \(long post inside\)](https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/c5unr8/dear_reddit_admins_if_the_donald_is_a_publisher/)
A censorship bot censoring a post about censorship.  


It doesn't get much better than this.
Hardly the only eunuch.
my wife keeps catching me me jeeving for porn
Just Duck it.
I've been thinking about this more and while it's certainly good to encourage people not to use Google, realistically we're not gonna make any debt.  90% of all searches go through Google.  It's time to and for some anti-trust laws. Break them up.
[https://twitter.com/Shircle/status/1143751736298893313](https://twitter.com/Shircle/status/1143751736298893313)

[https://web.archive.org/web/20190626221549/https:/twitter.com/Shircle/status/1143751736298893313](https://web.archive.org/web/20190626221549/https:/twitter.com/Shircle/status/1143751736298893313) 

I wonder Brian Stelter removed the original tweet in the screenshot

&#x200B;

Edit: found it

[https://twitter.com/brianstelter/status/1143685846425624578](https://twitter.com/brianstelter/status/1143685846425624578)

[https://web.archive.org/web/20190626182256/https://twitter.com/brianstelter/status/1143685846425624578](https://web.archive.org/web/20190626182256/https://twitter.com/brianstelter/status/1143685846425624578)
Cheers
[removed]
Throw in a few crocs as well.
That's awful.

It's fucked up. The poor kid.
Best I can remember from seeing it on TV. She was going on and on about how hard it was to look at...but you **HAVE** to look at it. Trump’s fault.
I hear ya. That's how it always has been though. Fox is just bunch of neo-con boomers. 

Hannity's use of the pythagorean theorem a few days ago was pretty fucking hilarious. All because they want a war. That right there should have thrown up some red flags for people.
No doubt.
I personally don't even watch Tucker on the actual channel. Just clips people upload that are not Fox News. I'm not giving that controlled op channel shit.
Post removed.
Ah, Duck it. Yes! That's your answer! That's your answer to everything! Tattoo it on your forehead!
Instructions unclear, dick caught in duck
Love it!
>It's a simple three step solution.
>
>1. Dig a moat along southern border
>2. Put Florida and Louisiana ~~gators~~ in moat. 
>3. Use the dirt from the moat to fill **the ozone layer**

ftfy
OK, fine.  We will include the crocs.  but you still want the lasers, right?
Just think,  if he hadn't been forced by his parent into that river... he'd still be alive.
I must have missed it.  I cant even imagine.  Or who knows . . . maybe I just zoned out.  Sometimes I just ignore it, & wait for the next guest if I like them, and pray Hannity doesn't cut them off midsentence when they are about to say some crucial answer I desperately want to know.  Then it is lost forever/part of the plan??  Or this . . . he will cut them off and coyly smirk, and ask his bright, informed, former secret service, lawyer, congressman, or investigative journalist guests (who have actually been the ones who have done ALL OF THE WORK and gave him all the ANSWERS he reports nightly), and asks THEM if he is "over the target".  OMG!!!! That makes me … IDK even.  OR ... he has Sekulow on the phone last night and instead of asking him what POTUS can do re PV video info … he drones on about Mueller testifying.  Anyway, sooooo sorry, I just can't help but rant.
> Hannity's use of the pythagorean theorem a few days ago was pretty fucking hilarious.

What the hell? What did he say? Links?
[\(REPOST BECAUSE LAST ONE GOT SHADOWBANNED\) Dear Reddit Admins: You're in hot legal water! By saying The_Donald is a publisher you are declaring yourselves to be a publisher as well!!!](https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/c5uvyd/repost_because_last_one_got_shadowbanned_dear/?)
No it's not?
https://imgur.com/a/63yF0fE

WTF!!!
>Put ~~Florida and Louisiana gators~~ Every urban city over 1M in population in moat.

The stench of human poop would be enough to drive any sane person away
If we're building the firmament, we're gonna need they sky turtle to pull the sun first.
only if they are attached to sharks
Yea man, I understand how it could be frustrating. I'm passed that stage though by about 15 years. I just know what it is and don't expect anything other than the usual bullshit from them.

I've told my dad about 1000 times to stop watching Fox. Those boomers can't help themselves though. Check out Vincent James of The Red Elephants on YT if you want some good quick news for the day. Guy has worked his ass off since before the election. Has really created something good.
YOU are the one shadowbanned man
yeah it is
Gone
&#x200B;

 amendments dont apply to the internet BTW man. The internet is NOT located in the united states. A website can censor whatever they like. There is NO TRUE governing body over the internet. (as in you cant sue them for censorship.)
Post pictures of San Francisco at the border. People will turn back. 💩💉
oh, of course.  But that brings up another point.  You know, we *can* strap lasers to he crocs too.  Just a thought.  Sleep on that one.
You are able to do something I just dont seem to be able or want (hate to think that) to do.  I wish I could look at it like that, but I get so annoyed, like last night, and so mad at his stupidity, or my stupidity for letting it make me mad.  ThX tho, I did make a note of that YT site u recommended. Encouraging.
Then how are you talking to me?
[\(REPOST BECAUSE LAST ONE GOT SHADOWBANNED\) Dear Reddit Admins: You're in hot legal water! By saying The_Donald is a publisher you are declaring yourselves to be a publisher as well!!!](https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/c5uvyd/repost_because_last_one_got_shadowbanned_dear/?)
https://imgur.com/a/63yF0fE

WTF!!!
[\(REPOST BECAUSE LAST ONE GOT SHADOWBANNED\) Dear Reddit Admins: You're in hot legal water! By saying The_Donald is a publisher you are declaring yourselves to be a publisher as well!!!](https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/c5uvyd/repost_because_last_one_got_shadowbanned_dear/?)
https://imgur.com/a/63yF0fE

WTF!!!
Has NOTHING to do with 2nd, this is about 230 and how a content provider like Reddit gets special protection from it's content because it is not the creator of said content.  But if it curates the content with a particular agenda, then it is a publisher and thus liable for everything posted here.  

EVERYTHING. ON. REDDIT.
No, but if they do business in America, they can have assets seized, and executive locked up. As an example, how long do you think someone out of Nigeria/Liberia/or that floating island nation can run a website devoted to child porn operate in the open? Yes, there's dark web examples, but this ain't the dark web.
How about missile launchers on the crocs and flamethrowers on the gators. Then the gators can start real flame wars
I mean, your repost was removed the moment you posted. Clearly youre being monitored by reddit, for spreading propaganda lol (half joking here)
I see you as well
Also gone
Subreddits are the publisher. Reddit is the platform. Pretty big difference. (hence why the publishers of this being penalized) 

GOOGLE got in shit because it LITERALLY PUBLISHES Search engine results, and is paid to do so. Reddit is not paid by anyone for the content hosted on the site, aside from ADS.
A good way of looking at this is like looking at facebook. By using the site, you agree to, and are bound by the conditions set forth in their TOS/usage agreement.  Facebook pages can post whatever they want. When the content they post, violates facebooks community standards, or TOS, Facebook will act, and remove the offending content. 

It is VERY BASIC contract law, and should be LOVED by the right, as it is literally the capitalist mindset that enables things like a TOS to even exist.
That's all very nice, but what do we do with the trained attack cougars?
And this is why I can never go back to the left
Wow!!!
Agreed!  However, thats why the sub itself needs to be self-governing and responsible to adhear to the TOS given by the host provider.  If the host says "Yeah, well, fuck it, we're going to curate you anyway" then it's overstepping the TOS
Jet packs
"Littered" With calls to violence, Yet I can't EVER find these posts??

WHERE IS IT???  WHERE ARE THE VIOLENT POSTS????
Media Matters should have their tax exempt status pulled due to overwhelming partisan activities within the organization and unlawful conduct. The IRS allows limited political activity at nonprofits, so long as it does not take up a substantial amount of their operations. Tweet members of congress #RevokeMediaMatters
Oh come on. Who are you kidding? Media Matters’ abuses have established for years and years yet nothing was done and nothing ever will be done. If Republicans gave a fuck about the American people we would still have a Tea Party. Congress is our enemy. We have no allies but each other.
2 random posts = "FULL OF CALLS FOR VIOLENCE" 

&#x200B;

Get the fuck out of here.
>Media Matters for America is a 
Web-based, not-for-profit, 501(c)(3) progressive research and information center dedicated to comprehensively monitoring, analyzing, and correcting **conservative** misinformation 
in the U.S. media.  
  
How the fuck was Media Matters ever a non-profit? Its mission statement is purely political activity. It's a PAC.
He's probably celebrating by getting a protein injection.
Go look at any post in r\politics with the word "Russia" in the title, and you will see ten times the amount of violent comments than what took a month to harvest to attack this place
Lie cheat and steal: the progressive model.
Looooooooool.... Government actually penalizing a leftist organization.  That is rich man... Quality humor.
Soy boy smiles are those smirks you just want to smack off of people. When we smile we get our entire life and school thrown through the ringer.
Media Matters is tax exempt?!?!? WHAT!?! LOL. They are the most blatantly far left organization ever
You thinking that anything will be done to liberal shills is funny
What is stupid is the "calls to violence" are random comments on the dom; I originally thought they considered some submitted links that got a bunch of upvotes as violating the terms but it really was ~1 *comment* a day that they removed.
@gaywonk is really @lyingfuckingwonk
Mostly on this lispy queers twitter feed.
It's on chaposhithouse
Media Matters sacrificing itself to keep Project Veritas and Google's Jen Gennai from headlines
It never should have had tax exempt status in the first place.  It's been a PAC from day one.
GOP is Koch Brother swamp rats. At least Paul Ryan is out and they've started trying to appear supportive of the MAGA movement.
They're getting really good at shutting down any movement back to normalcy.
This is a great angle.  It's in their fucking charter.  We can and should get them liable for back taxes on everything they've ever brought in.
Yep,  its single sporadic comments of people who we dont even know if they are actual the Donald regulars.

When a Muslim explodes,  reddit says "not all muslims ",  but when one guy posts something hateful on a sub open to the public,  7 million reddit Trump supporters must be punished.
OhSnapYouGotServed will be remembered
And those numbers aren’t even accurate. We have MUCH more subscribers than Reddit says we do.
COMFY.
Chuga-chuga-choo-choooooo
No brakes
F
F
This really isn't true. FYI 700k is a lot
Ask yourself why there aren't any ads on this sub.
I just joined because of the  **Quarantine.**
Been gone a long time from Reddit, but old veteran of 2016 back to fight the good fight. More memes shall be created, more fun shall be had and reporting of illegals trying to smear and false flag our beautiful subreddit shall be done.
ARE YOU DOING YOUR PART?
That needs a NSFW tag.
First time visitor, came to show support from across the pond.
It's no wonder, practically every news source is carrying the story.
#POOLS CLOSED AIDS IN THE T_D
Imagine how it must feel to have Patriots shop pictures of you like this one.
MAXIMUM EFFORT!!!!
30 shills took the time to come here and downvote this post so far. Sad!
Their anger makes us stronger.
Welcome! We're really not as violent as they say. :)
Glad to hear!!! We have a ton of kids here on T_D, they're good kids but sometimes they get out of line with their rhetoric (too many video games I think). We really need to watch more carefully, and that means we must read every comment of everypost. If we all pitch in (you kids too!) We can do it.
Do you understand using eastern standard time like this post is literally killing 500% of oppressed people every day?  




Please do better ya'll
Here's some secret info for the new people. People reading this, feel free copying and pasting this in various posts to spread. Send it to liberals your arguing with online and friends and family in real life, and maybe they will come around, maybe not immediately, but will cause them to think, and eventually they will come around. This is where all this Leftist cray comes from:

In the early 1900s, a group at the Frankfurt School developed Critical Theory to convert the West to Communism

Basically, the Frankfurt School plan was to undermine the Judaeo-Christian legacy. They called for the most negative destructive criticism possible of every sphere of life to de-stabilize society and destroy what they saw as the 'oppressive' order. 

They hoped their policies would spread like a virus--'continuing the work of the Western Marxists by other means' as one of their members noted.

To further the advance of their 'quiet' cultural revolution - but giving us no idea about their plans for the future - the School recommended (among other things):

 1. The creation of racism offences.

 2. Continual change to create confusion

 3. The teaching of sex and homosexuality to children

 4. The undermining of schools' and teachers' authority

 5. Huge immigration to destroy identity.

 6. The promotion of excessive drinking

 7. Emptying of churches

 8. An unreliable legal system with bias against victims of crime

 9. Creating dependency on the state or state benefits

 10. Control and dumbing down of media

 11. Encouraging the breakdown of the family

One of the main ideas of the Frankfurt School was to exploit Freud's idea of 'pansexualism' - the search for pleasure, the exploitation of the differences between the sexes, the overthrowing of traditional relationships between men and women. To further their aims they would:

*attack the authority of the father, deny the specific roles of father and mother, and wrest away from families their rights as primary educators of their children.

*abolish differences in the education of boys and girls

*abolish all forms of male dominance - hence the presence of women in the armed forces

*declare women to be an 'oppressed class' and men oppressors 

Following Adolf Hitler's rise to power in 1933, the Institute left Germany for Geneva, before moving to New York City in 1935, where it became affiliated with Columbia University.
Some of us will throw ice and many really like beer.
I would have offered you a coat and brick, but it appears the admins have murdered our beloved bots.
Grab a coat, hop on the train!!!
Thank you Dear, much appreciated.
Meme and shitpost until we are removed.  



How we started and how we will go.  It is the only honorable way.
This is the 4th time I upvoted you so far.  Keep up the good work spreading the word.  Knowledge is power, and those that don't study history are doomed to repeat it.
I honestly don't know how CNN has any viewers left. They keep shooting themselves in the foot every chance they get.
The clown emoji is soon to be gone forever.
Don Lemon May be the stupidest man on television but Stelter is a real close second
Jeff Zucker - At CNN we don't investigate, we report what we know. 

Brian Stelter - When I Google "Google corruption" I don't see any corruption at Google.
We need to get the term googling out of our lexicon. Consciously avoid it. It gives Google free advertising. There are alternatives. Duckduckgo. Bing. I'm sure there are others. If you say googled, it only gives them more legitimacy.
Honk
Holy shit! He's literally describing Google's censorship. Experiencing it. Living it. Can't find what he's looking for cos they don't want him too.

But still he denies it. Still he thinks it isn't happening. He can't/won't see the reality which is directly in front of his face.
> After watching fox, 

A mainstream media network.

> seeing the talk shows promote project veritas

A website that you can visit to see all the source information yourself.

> i googled

Used the tool that's allegedly engaging in censorship to find information about said tool engaging in censorship...

> for a reliable news account of what's going on

Read: I searched for a left-biased source to find an agreeable narrative framework for how I should view this situation, rather than using the Fox coverage that I'm already aware of or going directly to the source which I'm also already aware of and consuming the raw video evidence myself so as to formulate my own opinion.
Specifically "reliable" news sources, so to him thats anything that isnt conservative.
HONK FUCKING HONK
Congratulations, you played yourself.
it's fair, I keep searching cnn for news on reporting inaccuracies.
How is a video recording from within Google not a reliable news source? Even if Project Veritas is bias, which admittedly they do have a right leaning bias, this is a video! An employee at Google literally said they're censoring right wing sources to prevent another Trump situation. What, does he think these are doctored videos? Absolute idiot.
Say it even deeper, Darth: THE MOST TRUSTED NAME IN N^E^W^S^...
Brian Seltzers brain is as fat as his stomach
I wonder if Google could be reported to SEC for market manipulation. They seem to be actively suppressing news about themselves, which artificially protects their stocks value.

They should definitely be audited for this
Clown News Network
dumber than shit
\# ^(onk) onk
Clown News Network
🤡🌎
Please whenever you are in a waiting room anywhere that has CNN on to placate the zombies go tell them you are offended and ask them to change the channel.
Loser did that on purpose
What search engines y'all using?
You are legit being insulted by anyone who throws a CNN link at you.
This is the best tweet for 2019 far. What an idiot.
Such low IQ.  Only a sheep that doesn’t critically think for itself would believe such stupidity.
Google complaining about selectively edited videos because they selectively edit search results.
Congratulations, you just played yourself.
Be CNN’s eunuch: “hey evil man, are you evil?”
Evil man: “no”
The eunuch: “SEE!! Nothing to see here!”  

.infinitefacepalm
It's like when Jim Acosta filmed himself at a section of the border which already has a wall and said "I don't see any migrant crisis here".

Thanks for proving our point, you idiot!
Brian Stelter already held idiot status but he has completely outdone himself.
A liberals best quality is their lack of self-awareness
Not only googling for info on google censorship, but FOX has repeatedly been shown to have about 50/50 bias politically and I don't know of any major retractions they've had to make recently, yet this person excludes them from "reliable news" because FOX.
>CNN person is retarded 

This is my shocked face ---> 😱
This is hilarious and sad
HONK
HONK
>"I googled for a reliable news account"*

jfc this guy is so far up his own ass he eats everything twice.

1. He used google for dirt on google, implying that google should be used for....

2. "reliable source" thats his fucking show's name lol (ironic since all he does is cry and lie)

3. "I can't really find one". Weasel words. "Can't really", or "can't", dude? You are a journalist, stop talking like a teenage girl.

4. Brian Stelter is a teenage girl inside, regardless, look at the way he talks. Fucking feminine as hell.

5. I like how he inserted **news** account, like that's just where information comes from. "news account". lmao 'only listen to us'. Remember when that douche Cuomo told people it was illegal to look at sources and they could only get it from CNN? FUCK THIS IS INFURIATING
 meme discord up, pm me for invite
This man has more teeth than brain cells.
What a joke this cuck is.

They’re not even trying to hide bias anymore.
Think about the journalistic malfeasance.  Even if he wasn't using Google, did he call O'Keefe and ask to see the tape from beginning to end?

Every time these videos com out, the left screams "selectively edited" even if it was just cutting out silence.
dumb fat faggot
That's rich.  "I'm Googling for news sources about how Google censors news sources that criticize Google, but I can't seem to find any." Haha! That's fucking rich. Talk about chasing your tail. Man, you cannot make this shit up.
Try Bing Brian
#[honking intensifies]
Brian Stelter= one stupid POS.  Can't find it on google you say?  Could it be because your pals at the google banned it?
Switch from google chrome and google search.

Lots of better options like firefox and duckduckgo
The main American news media is running a sustained and agressive communist propaganda machine.  I never in my life thought I'd ever see this.
Jesus... the real crazy thing is they probably have no fucking clue just how retarded they are
So is it me or is he admitting only Fox is an actual news outlet. I mean if ALL the others aren't even mentioning or looking into it would that suggest that they aren't actual news outlets.
That's not how Google works.. idiots leading idiots.
They nuked clownworldwar last night.
can't be caught censoring if you censor the evidence that you are censoring information
A newsman is googling for news
I checked all over this Chinese website and it has nothing about Chinese censorship.
It’s interesting how evey single media outlet that’s not conservative basically ignored this...
I cannot tell if Brian really is this retarded, or if this is a shitpost.

I know, i know of course he is
Original tweet and archive link, in case he takes it down

[https://twitter.com/brianstelter/status/1143685846425624578](https://twitter.com/brianstelter/status/1143685846425624578)

[https://web.archive.org/web/20190626182256/https://twitter.com/brianstelter/status/1143685846425624578](https://web.archive.org/web/20190626182256/https://twitter.com/brianstelter/status/1143685846425624578)
This is golden. 

Also, fuck Reddit.
AT&T owns CNN.  The moment I found that out I switched to Verizon and I am saving $75 per month for unlimited everything. 🇺🇸
Google? If it's like Bing (it is, I just checked)  the first 25 results are WAPO, NYTs, CNN, MSLSD, CBS, NBC, Newsweak, USA Today, ABC and yeah Faux.  Google should have a tagline that says "supporting the establishment."
I googled "cnn google cencership" and my first hit was [washingtonexaminer.com](https://www.washingtonexaminer.com/opinion/google-ceo-openly-admits-to-censorship-in-new-cnn-interview). In this article the first link was [this](https://podcasts.apple.com/us/podcast/google-ceo-sundar-pichai/id1201282406?i=1000441698736) hour-long CNN interview from a couple weeks ago where the Google CEO openly talks about censorship.

Is this some sort of joke that I don't understand?
Look mom i can use google im a reporter now!
Maybe he should CNN it! OH wait is that a thing!?
This truly is *peak* clownworld at cnn
Justice for Jussie
That fucking eunuch has the lowest level of self awareness in the world, you really can’t make this shit up, how dumb can you be?? Lmao 

You’re not gonna find it on google, brian, you idiot. That really does make a lot of sense though, no wonder CNN isn’t covering it, they couldn’t find the story to report on it cause they use google!
#Clown News Network
Stelter is full blown retarded
AT&T owns CNN.  I dumped AT&T and went to Verizon.  Saving $75 per month for unlimited everything. 🇺🇸
Ah thank you for this. Couldn’t find any info on Veritas so I made the switch the DuckDuckGo. Screw google!
**C**low**NN**
Lol....like standing in the desert and saying you can’t see the beach
They are a Deep State funded propaganda machine. Airports and headlines that can be repeated on leftists sites like redacted etc.

If they relied on ratings to survive half of their 'stars' wouldn't even be there any longer. Hell, they'd have probably already folded.
They have contracts in most major airports. Even with the few 'viewers' they get, nobody is actually watching it, it just happens to be playing on a TV.
My grandpa has cnn on at his house 24 7. When hes not watching golf, its anti trump propaganda. I never start any sort of argument with him, always him with me, spewing whatever crap he saw on there. Old people are who watches CNN.
[removed]
it's some kind of experiment to see how far they can go that's short of "hey you dumb ass libs we are literally feeding you lies how can you believe this are you actually this retarded" that they can go without the libs turning on them
It's running 24/7 in hospitals, airports, burger king, ect.
it will be the next thing they ban.
[deleted]
"awatching"... is that like "awaiting"?
Is Stelter the "eunuch"?
You mean *^Little ^Brian ^Stelter?*
Dude is asking for a source while literally watching a source. Low IQ doesn't even begin to describe it.
You want to see a clip of don lemon that will make you want to vomit. Look at his smug, dishonest attempt to shut down the New Orleans police chief (also a black man) regarding the narrative of police violence.
Like that idiot Acosta saying he doesn't see any illegals near the wall. No shit.
Google actually hates that people use it as a verb. It makes it almost impossible to defend their trademark, kind of like "hoovers" in the UK being a term not a brand so all their competitors started using it. Don't believe me? Feel free to google it on Bing or something.
Can we bring back askjeeves?!
It's really hard to. I want to promote sites like DuckDuckGo but you can't so "just DuckDuckGo it," it sounds stupid. Really we need a good competitor search engine to rebrand to a name that sounds good in a sentence like that.
Honk
"I googled for information about google censoring information and couldn't find it, so it must not be happening."

-Brian Stelter, literally.
I keep searching CNN for news, can't find any.

Just kidding I would never give them a click.
Yeah that's the line they're trying to sell.  Remove the video as much as possible and then claim it's "out of context".  It's completely not, she says clearly that they are trying to prevent "the next trump situation" meaning the next time leftist communists want something and don't get it.
Original sources we don't like = fake and out of context

Anonymous sources we like = real and 100% true
Can I get this video? Thanks
Too bad for him his IQ isn't as high as his body fat percentage.
DuckDuckGo
DuckDuckGo and bing
Their selectively edited search results make it hard to find said video that they claim is selectively edited, but if you can manage to find it, you see it is clearly not - so they edit their search results more to make it harder to see for yourself.
They don't consider the examiner a reputable news source.    


Reputable news sources are NYT, WaPo, Huff, CNN, etc
Was at the doc earlier. 

They were showing a couple of people they say drowned in the river trying to swim to the US.

They blamed it on Trump. Why? Because he's forcing people to come in through legal means. That apparently **forced** these people to swim across the river and drown.

"I know this is hard to look at, but look at this. Look at this. Look at this photo. It doesn't matter if you're a Democrat or a Republican, there's a crisis at our border. These people drowned because of Donald Trump."

Let's also not forget how many staged photos and news reports CNN has been caught in over the years.
Fox isn't much better. In fact, if it wasn't for Tucker, I'd say it's exactly the same thing. I hope he moves to his own platform.
I honestly think Airports are their last remaining viewers and maybe a handful of people actually turn it on just so they can fact check the nonsense they spew - no one is actually watching CNN for news anymore.  It's a complete S.S. over there
[removed]
Don't forget the ten minutes of hate they produce daily for public school consumption.
That's been my experience as well.  I know it seems all the local McD's also have CNN playing.  Nobody in the store is paying any attention.
I am old.  It isn't old people.  It is lack of common sense and or curiosity.  It's lack of spidey senses, & questioning whether you are being lied to. And lack of desire to research, or just comparing multiple sources. Their viewers just don't want to bother to verify what is being said is actually true or FALSE!  Too much work. And MSM wouldn't lie, would it???  And the Left is counting on it … STUPID, UNINFORMED VOTERS.
Change his channel, change his mind.
Your comment was automatically removed because you directly linked to an outside subreddit or other user. This rule was put in place by Reddit admins because they don't want our users "interfering" in other communities.  Moderators will review for approval

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/The_Donald) if you have any questions or concerns.*
"Take back the rainbow" says anon
Staying on Reddit won't fix anything.
More like asleeping I think.
The one and only
Mark?
Right? I've heard and read UK peeps referring to any vacuum cleaning as "hoovering". Maybe we should say "Binging" even though that spells binging. Hmmm.
I really liked askjeeves, then we can call it "jeeving".
I always say "DuckDuckGo search"
Two scoops, two ducks.  GO
I can't find the actual tweet
Meanwhile if Trump says anything: "Drumph claims to have had toast for breakfast, here are 12 experts that know he's lying."
https://www.bitchute.com/video/re9Xp6cdkro/
❤
>"I know this is hard to look at, but look at this. Look at this. Look at this photo. It doesn't matter if you're a Democrat or a Republican, there's a crisis at our border. These people drowned because of Donald Trump."

One month earlier:  "Why is Trump manufacturing this crisis"
[removed]
And not a damned one of those people taking video or pictures thought to help these drowning people.
Is that an actual quote from CNN?
Alejandro remembers
I couldn't figure out last night (I missed Tucker) but on Hannity, then Ingraham, why did no one mention the PV video?  I waited and waited and thought I missed it, how?  I thought he mentioned it was coming up, and it lagged and lagged.  A lagging hour of nothing.  I didn't make it thru Ingraham. Same.  All about Mueller going before Congress.  How much can u say about that???   Now I see what happened.  They had shows scheduled, and were told last minute, they weren't running it. Dershowitz even said one of them had called **that night when he was home**, to get him on as a guest.  I thought that was really strange. All they talked about was Mueller answering questions before Congress … in a month.  Seriously?  Two hours worth of the same old lines Hannity brings up every night!  The Dossier, FISA warrants, lying to the FISC, the bought and paid for ... blah, blah . . .  you've all heard it before.  DiGenova told him months ago that was old news and get … off ... the … subject.  Hannity defaults still to it **every** night though.  I just couldn't believe it, or stand it any longer.  **He has knowledgeable guests with current answers to current questions.  Let THEM talk.  Let's hear them, not this broken record**.  Please. JMHO.
Remember when tucker was on cnn wrecking leftists daily on crossfire.  He was so good they told him not to come back and cancelled the whole thing.
Yeah I could care less for the rest of Fox. Tucker is easily the best cable news pundit around right now.
Really, guys, give Elizabeth MacDonald a try on Fox Business News.  She is pretty good and doesn't take crap.  She is on just before Lou Dobbs in my area.
Who is Regan, shill?

Fox News is part of the globalist uniparty propaganda machine.
[DEAR REDDIT ADMINS: IF THE_DONALD IS A PUBLISHER THEN REDDIT.COM IS AS WELL -- REMOVE THE QUARANTINE IMMEDIATELY \(long post inside\)](https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/c5unr8/dear_reddit_admins_if_the_donald_is_a_publisher/)
A censorship bot censoring a post about censorship.  


It doesn't get much better than this.
Hardly the only eunuch.
my wife keeps catching me me jeeving for porn
Just Duck it.
I've been thinking about this more and while it's certainly good to encourage people not to use Google, realistically we're not gonna make any debt.  90% of all searches go through Google.  It's time to and for some anti-trust laws. Break them up.
[https://twitter.com/Shircle/status/1143751736298893313](https://twitter.com/Shircle/status/1143751736298893313)

[https://web.archive.org/web/20190626221549/https:/twitter.com/Shircle/status/1143751736298893313](https://web.archive.org/web/20190626221549/https:/twitter.com/Shircle/status/1143751736298893313) 

I wonder Brian Stelter removed the original tweet in the screenshot

&#x200B;

Edit: found it

[https://twitter.com/brianstelter/status/1143685846425624578](https://twitter.com/brianstelter/status/1143685846425624578)

[https://web.archive.org/web/20190626182256/https://twitter.com/brianstelter/status/1143685846425624578](https://web.archive.org/web/20190626182256/https://twitter.com/brianstelter/status/1143685846425624578)
Cheers
[removed]
Throw in a few crocs as well.
That's awful.

It's fucked up. The poor kid.
Best I can remember from seeing it on TV. She was going on and on about how hard it was to look at...but you **HAVE** to look at it. Trump’s fault.
I hear ya. That's how it always has been though. Fox is just bunch of neo-con boomers. 

Hannity's use of the pythagorean theorem a few days ago was pretty fucking hilarious. All because they want a war. That right there should have thrown up some red flags for people.
No doubt.
I personally don't even watch Tucker on the actual channel. Just clips people upload that are not Fox News. I'm not giving that controlled op channel shit.
Post removed.
Ah, Duck it. Yes! That's your answer! That's your answer to everything! Tattoo it on your forehead!
Instructions unclear, dick caught in duck
Love it!
>It's a simple three step solution.
>
>1. Dig a moat along southern border
>2. Put Florida and Louisiana ~~gators~~ in moat. 
>3. Use the dirt from the moat to fill **the ozone layer**

ftfy
OK, fine.  We will include the crocs.  but you still want the lasers, right?
Just think,  if he hadn't been forced by his parent into that river... he'd still be alive.
I must have missed it.  I cant even imagine.  Or who knows . . . maybe I just zoned out.  Sometimes I just ignore it, & wait for the next guest if I like them, and pray Hannity doesn't cut them off midsentence when they are about to say some crucial answer I desperately want to know.  Then it is lost forever/part of the plan??  Or this . . . he will cut them off and coyly smirk, and ask his bright, informed, former secret service, lawyer, congressman, or investigative journalist guests (who have actually been the ones who have done ALL OF THE WORK and gave him all the ANSWERS he reports nightly), and asks THEM if he is "over the target".  OMG!!!! That makes me … IDK even.  OR ... he has Sekulow on the phone last night and instead of asking him what POTUS can do re PV video info … he drones on about Mueller testifying.  Anyway, sooooo sorry, I just can't help but rant.
> Hannity's use of the pythagorean theorem a few days ago was pretty fucking hilarious.

What the hell? What did he say? Links?
[\(REPOST BECAUSE LAST ONE GOT SHADOWBANNED\) Dear Reddit Admins: You're in hot legal water! By saying The_Donald is a publisher you are declaring yourselves to be a publisher as well!!!](https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/c5uvyd/repost_because_last_one_got_shadowbanned_dear/?)
No it's not?
https://imgur.com/a/63yF0fE

WTF!!!
>Put ~~Florida and Louisiana gators~~ Every urban city over 1M in population in moat.

The stench of human poop would be enough to drive any sane person away
If we're building the firmament, we're gonna need they sky turtle to pull the sun first.
only if they are attached to sharks
Yea man, I understand how it could be frustrating. I'm passed that stage though by about 15 years. I just know what it is and don't expect anything other than the usual bullshit from them.

I've told my dad about 1000 times to stop watching Fox. Those boomers can't help themselves though. Check out Vincent James of The Red Elephants on YT if you want some good quick news for the day. Guy has worked his ass off since before the election. Has really created something good.
YOU are the one shadowbanned man
yeah it is
Gone
&#x200B;

 amendments dont apply to the internet BTW man. The internet is NOT located in the united states. A website can censor whatever they like. There is NO TRUE governing body over the internet. (as in you cant sue them for censorship.)
Post pictures of San Francisco at the border. People will turn back. 💩💉
oh, of course.  But that brings up another point.  You know, we *can* strap lasers to he crocs too.  Just a thought.  Sleep on that one.
You are able to do something I just dont seem to be able or want (hate to think that) to do.  I wish I could look at it like that, but I get so annoyed, like last night, and so mad at his stupidity, or my stupidity for letting it make me mad.  ThX tho, I did make a note of that YT site u recommended. Encouraging.
Then how are you talking to me?
[\(REPOST BECAUSE LAST ONE GOT SHADOWBANNED\) Dear Reddit Admins: You're in hot legal water! By saying The_Donald is a publisher you are declaring yourselves to be a publisher as well!!!](https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/c5uvyd/repost_because_last_one_got_shadowbanned_dear/?)
https://imgur.com/a/63yF0fE

WTF!!!
[\(REPOST BECAUSE LAST ONE GOT SHADOWBANNED\) Dear Reddit Admins: You're in hot legal water! By saying The_Donald is a publisher you are declaring yourselves to be a publisher as well!!!](https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/c5uvyd/repost_because_last_one_got_shadowbanned_dear/?)
https://imgur.com/a/63yF0fE

WTF!!!
Has NOTHING to do with 2nd, this is about 230 and how a content provider like Reddit gets special protection from it's content because it is not the creator of said content.  But if it curates the content with a particular agenda, then it is a publisher and thus liable for everything posted here.  

EVERYTHING. ON. REDDIT.
No, but if they do business in America, they can have assets seized, and executive locked up. As an example, how long do you think someone out of Nigeria/Liberia/or that floating island nation can run a website devoted to child porn operate in the open? Yes, there's dark web examples, but this ain't the dark web.
How about missile launchers on the crocs and flamethrowers on the gators. Then the gators can start real flame wars
I mean, your repost was removed the moment you posted. Clearly youre being monitored by reddit, for spreading propaganda lol (half joking here)
I see you as well
Also gone
Subreddits are the publisher. Reddit is the platform. Pretty big difference. (hence why the publishers of this being penalized) 

GOOGLE got in shit because it LITERALLY PUBLISHES Search engine results, and is paid to do so. Reddit is not paid by anyone for the content hosted on the site, aside from ADS.
A good way of looking at this is like looking at facebook. By using the site, you agree to, and are bound by the conditions set forth in their TOS/usage agreement.  Facebook pages can post whatever they want. When the content they post, violates facebooks community standards, or TOS, Facebook will act, and remove the offending content. 

It is VERY BASIC contract law, and should be LOVED by the right, as it is literally the capitalist mindset that enables things like a TOS to even exist.
That's all very nice, but what do we do with the trained attack cougars?
And this is why I can never go back to the left
Wow!!!
Agreed!  However, thats why the sub itself needs to be self-governing and responsible to adhear to the TOS given by the host provider.  If the host says "Yeah, well, fuck it, we're going to curate you anyway" then it's overstepping the TOS
Jet packs
What are the odds that T_D goes down on the eve of the first Democrat debate?
[removed]
I've never seen anti Police threats or violence here..
Everyone will watch the debates and see n hear for themselves what a bunch of corrupt commies they all are! Silencing T_D is NEVER going to make the communist pedofile democrats look any better!
remember when they removed the_donald from google. I remember.
Google has moved "The_Donald Reddit" down in their results for a while now. It's a common point of discussion and more proof of Goog search manipulation.
Orwellian as fuck. The left has stooped to a new low, which I didn’t think was possible.
[removed]
I have never been able to find TD by using Google. In fact, when I joined a few months ago, I initially Googled it and the closest result was the Wikipedia page. So then I went to Reddit itself in order to find it so I could join. I believe TD has been shadowbanned for much longer than just today.
Lmao look at that first result.

WHAT ANTI-POLICE THREATS?? Has anyone here seen a single one of those?
they are working hand in hand together
Who the fuck still uses comie google? I use Bing.
I got a direct link to The_Donald. Not defending Google but in my feed there will typically be any 'news' about a given site along with the URL.
>Anti-Police Threats

This is what the left does very often.
There's a link to T\_D, but it's like 5th result in my case. They did it a while back, not recently.
Anti-police threats?
Wow they’re getting good at this
couldn't reproduce. If I enter your term the sub is the second link
Yo is Bing a respectable browser? I’ve heard a lot of people using DuckDuckGo but I just wanted to know about Bing
I had to use DuckDuckGo to even see it on the first page... just wow
Google does that to quarantined subs in general, not just the donald. Google "Waterniggas reddit". Nothing comes up
searching y d hasnt brought up yd in at least a year.
Still shows up on Duck Duck Go at least.
This blatant censorship is insane. But if you Google "Bernie Sanders reddit" all of the top choices are, as expected, the official reddits for Sanders.
Google stopped linking to this sub months ago. This has all been a slow boil. I'm still hopeful that we can fight this blatabt censorship, but it's getting pretty scary
Clearly, we're playing into it with all the solidarity posts and mentions of the quarantine.  We've got a duty now to post and upvote anything criticizing the debate, or they'll have effectively distracted us.
Go to duck duck go it comes up.
I had to go to Bing, first search result there
ThATz uH CaLl tO vIoLENsce... bAn it NoW!
They're also calling us anti-Semitic. I've never seen anything remotely indicating that to be the case.  They're cherry picking anything to reinforce their decision while ignoring similar behavior from other subs.  I'm not sure how this ends, but things are going to get worse before they get better.  They want us dead.
They found one commenting lamenting that Oregon may come to violence with 100 upvotes and a few others saying it might come to rifles with 2-7 upvotes

But remember...

#It's ok to punch a "nazi", and they deserve worse
Never suprises me an more.
Agreed
Nach, it worked before.
My search was done shortly after the quarantine. Perhaps they fixed the obvious fuckup.

Edit. Looks like it's being changed frequently now. Not surprising. Gotta keep the official NPC programming current.
The entire basis of Antifa
Changing constantly. The point is that at the time it happened they were not linking to it. I doubt it is a coincidence.
I use Opera browser with duckduckgo engine coupled with the Dissenter add-ons.
Everything I don't like is a call to violence. REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Things are going to get a LOT worse.
It is because if a trump supporter hears that a website got censored because it was anti cop or anti Semitic, they’ll think it is OK.

Like this sub didn’t have 1000 posts supporting moving our Israelii embassy and being pro cop in every situation where the entire rest of reddit was saying “kill all pigs” with no consequences
Never saw anything anti-Semitic here, my Wife is Jewish.
Projection is an amazing thing...
Yes they do!
I've noticed this happening, atleast on mobile for about a month.
I’ll try it out
They dont want to ban hate speech, they want to ban speech they hate.
If they remove our voices....well... it will end poorly for them.
Exactly   The media truly is the enemy of the people.
And they hate everything this sub stands for.
Mostly, they hate us.
I thought I hit the ESP button on accident
I can't watch any more of it. So far not one of them has answered the questions they were asked. "Beto" was asked about a 70% tax on the wealthy twice and still hasn't answered the question.
Now Spartacus spoke spanish too.  OMG
Ok, I'm sorry, but how the hell do they think that speaking Spanish during a debate for PResident of the United States APPEALS to more people than it ALIENATES?  I swear... every day it seems like they couldn't do anything more insane to top what they did before... and  yet, they always find a way.
Press 2 for English
This is more than just a circus! hahaha
Fake Spartacus, Fake Indian, Fake Mexican
Hilarious look at their faces. They didn't see it coming. They are trying to out pander each other.

Coming off as an attractive candidate to hispanics and other Americans is a good move for any candidate on both parties. 

Here's where Beta get's it totally wrong: you need to start out believable. You can't just pander yourself into being taken seriously by hispanics because you are obviously not one of them. You can still pull it off but only if your message really resonates.

Otherwise you risk just being seen as a gringo that panders for votes. Imagine *"hot sauce"* Hillary Clinton with black people but now amplified by language.
Can't wait to see Styx's take on this circus, tmr.
3 fucking jokes right there. 

1)  One man who stands there, because he's good at race-baiting and grandstanding. 

2)  A woman who is there, because at some point, the people in charge thought she was a native American. Lastly, 

3)  A man who is up there because people think he is Hispanic and represents the common man when he's actually a filthy rich Irishman. 


How much more pathetic could liberals and their Democrat Master's be?
new democrat slogan, MAMA: make america mexico again!
press 2 for Irish
Lol is this ass hat still trying to claim he’s Mexican?
Ahah lurkers this is your future. Politicians not answering your questions for a chance to pander to the people that will make your vote unnecessary. 

But yeah keep voting democrats because Trump said "grab them by the Pussy".
Spartacus was like, "Damn, he is out-pandering me - how is that possible?".
A fake Mexican dirt eater, fake Indian and rapey Potato head walk into a debate hall.
Cue ball's pissed cause he didn't think of that
Kek!
In America there should be no ESP buttons
I know.  All this is is a contest to see who can offer the most free shit.
\*Beta
>Beto

Did you mean *Robert Francis O'Rourke*?
THATS why he looked so stunned at Beta, he was pissed that someone stole his schtick!!  And the moderator dude is speaking it now too!  WTF are we watching??!
That's because they're new voter base is waiting at the border, but can they also speak French or Arabic? If not they won't get all of the illegal vote.
It's mind-boggling, isn't it?  They learned NOTHING from 2016.  More power to us tho!
Hit off on the remote for English.
Correction, apparently it's an "El Circo".  Each clown trying to out-Spanish the other!
The three amigos!
Yep.  That's what they all did all night, pandered themselves into being taken seriously.  It was a panel of Hot Sauce Hillaries!
Help I think it got stuck
Pander fest 2019. They're so out of touch they think average Americans actually want their government to worry about foreigners first
When you have to repeat yourself in another language you only require half the content. It's like using double line spacing on reports for school.
Vote Republican for English
Poor Warren... She's only fluent in English and Navajo...
Throw the remote through your TV, it's over.
Yep.  Exactly.
Panda?  🐼  Oh, you said pander.  Never mind.
Just wait till they realize we have the sword of a thousand truths.
That was the best episode of anything ever.
lmfao
I imagine a good majority of them look eerily similar to this
Dear god spez look at all the memes
Spez is a cannibal.
I don't know why I come here. It's like I have a vendetta against my sides or something.
Anybody who wasn't signed up with a verified email got unsubbed, now they're signing up again.  You should probably stop making this really stupid argument.
And memes!
 LIVE TO WIN
We have screenshots of the count before the quarantine. Lol
source?
It's one of the terms of a quarantine, you can only view the sub if you're a verified account.  That's always been the biggest deal in my eyes, privacy and what not, but you can obviously use a burner address.
OR, when reddit imposed the quarantine, they forgot it would remove the online sub count nerf and we’re actually just seeing the REAL online count.
Nah, it doesn't say 7 million, right? Lol.
It’s gotta be at least 10 gorillion by now...
Welcome Patriot!
To all newcomers: Come on in, have fun being exposed to some new POV.  Tell your friends what you did (and did not) see.
Thank you, very kindly.  Make yourself at home.
Welcome pede.
Thank you - nice to know you're here!
Thank you to you both!!
Thanks!
*Internet hug*
I love seeing all these new folks stepping out of the shadows! Welcome aboard!
Glad you came in to share, Pede. DJT all the way!
so many of these posts today

&#x200B;

thanks reddit!
#WELCOME, PATRIOT!
Hello !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Thanks, we appreciate you!
Thank you for your support!  Welcome aboard to both of you!
Welcome! I hope you stay
Yup
Have a coat Friend.
Thank you!
We love you and your fiancé! ❤️ Welcome home family! 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 btw congratulations on your engagement! Make lots of beautiful babies After marriage 😂!!!
Uuuuuuugggggghhhhhhhhhh he (beto) claims to fight for immigrants yet murders their language.
As someone born to an immigrant family it looked like obvious pandering. Would never vote for them in a million years.
"*Hola there fellow Lay-teenos*"
OP, I can tell you are a reasonable horse.
rrrrrrrrrrrrrrrreally?
No may goose-ta bay-toe
kek
Best comment, from one of the best episodes
They are doing this because we are effective at influencing. Meme's really are the most effective form of modern political communication given the short attention span of people these days. 

It also helps that we are appealing to logic and common sense while adopting a humorous take. Keep it up fellas. You guys are actually making a difference. We wouldn't be in this position if that were not true.
It's not about truth or facts.  It about what they can get away with.

The_Donald was one of many places that recived a bullseye when the Google/Veritas video hit the fan.

Google is part of the shadow government and (they) are in full assault mode.
This a million times.

Edit: first thing I thought....also that a scumfuck leftist just anonymously and intentionally broke the rules as a frame job....i mean who would put that past them? What protections are in place for that kind of brigade ?????
It's an attempt (by very, very unintelligent, feckless scum) to create a narrative. More shit will follow. I think it's a first step towards open, wide-spread violence.
I have two LEO’s in my family, and they noticed that the hatred directed towards police officers is rampant all over Reddit, EXCEPT  on TD.    
THIS dom is the ONLY sub that shows so much respect and honor to fallen officers.  It also reported facts during the Dallas attack that never made it to /news or /all, like the Dallas officer who shielded with his body a 61 yr old lady and saved her life as the bullets flew.     
  
The excuse for quarantining us is a lie
It’s a slander intended to make it politically problematic for the president to defend us.
The 'eddit badmins'™, sending their very best.
They think it will appeal to people they deem are “like us”, to frame us as hypocrites.
If you think that's bad, when the Orlando Nightclub shooting happened, The_Donald was the ONLY PLACE IN REDDIT TO GET THE NEWS.
My dad retired from DPD right after this, he knew every single one of those officers.
And if they keep this nonsense up, they are going to lose their immunity under Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act.

Think of it as the Streisand Effect on steroids.
Adding anytime beto speaks spanish to my drinking game.
Is he fucking serious?
#ENGLISH MUTHAFUCKA-- DO YOU SPEAK IT??
But muh virtue signal
Did they mess with his ears? Has he always had elf ears?
I wonder how fluent his spanish is.  And I wonder if this will turn off Hispanics because of the pandering.
**This is pure cringe.**
Does his translation count into his time lmao
ay Dios Mios
He's just speaking to his constituents...in Mexico.
Where am i?
English should be declared the official language of the United States and every “equal access” bilingual program that caters to Spanish speakers, legal or illegal, should be terminated.

The American culture and language (along with most other aspects of our nation) are superior.
If Skateboard Boi wanted to act 'ethnic' he should have spoken in Gaelic.
It is America after all.
he was asked the question in Spanish too if not mistaken
well that was a risky gambit. Cory Booker's face showed what most Dems must have felt: Never go full retard
Apparently if you say something stupid in Spanish it makes what you're saying more credible than if you say it in English.
Oh sure, you laugh now, but when he sweeps the election for Mexico's President, you won't be laughing!
At least he can speak solid spanish, I had to turn off the stream once I heard Corey Booker try his hand at it...
[removed]
Wtf was he even saying?
Or your native tongue, Irish; Either one.
Teddy Roosevelt is rolling over in his grave.
When they were speaking Spanish, which there was no need for, it just seemed like they were all trying to show off where they rank on the "diversity acceptance hierarchy". It seemed like pure virtue signalling.
I hope he wins that Mexican election. It seems like he really cares about their people and I think he'd do a really good job.
Let's see, if I get 50% of people that don't assimilate these other clowns with be BTFO. Yeah, sorry Beta....even the illegals don't like you.

I want merch for the toilet.
Do you want alcohol poisoning?

Because this is how you get alcohol poisoning.
Aaaaand you're dead.
hahahahahahahaha
I was watching up to that point and then I knew the race is already done. 

Trump supporters just need to vote again and it’s in the bag.
What happened?
Lmfao exactly elf fucking fag ears
Not fluent.
wasn't he in the pic with Pelosi and hmmm who else, oh yeah, President Penanieto, receiving bribes from that narco guy... geez... drinking game got to me lol  help me out guise
I laughed too hard at this.
I agree
theres other subs? this is the only place i read
I got caught off guard the first hour, second hour coasting good, then boom, got nailed right at the end.
replied to a whole question in Spanish and then repeated the answer in English
Why?
Press 2 for English
Pandering for Latino votes
Robert Francis O'Rourke is a culturally-appropriating phony.
To show off how much he is a "pro-diversity" candidate.
Because to Democrats, latinos don't understand English...
As a latino, just  makes me wanna punch his face.
Genuine kindness is what separates us from the left.
I've never felt or read any hatred in r/the_donald EVER. Mods do a great job of keep those post out of here.
Even when I make stupid emotional posts, the worst I get is a couple of downvotes.

T_D is quite possibly the nicest internet community I've ever come across. Disagreements are talked about. Nobody rages or threatens violence, and certainly not against police.

It's just insane. The left can't stick to a narrative. Haven't they been the ones advocating for black-on-cop violence for years?
Trigger ⚠️. Amen.
🐸 PEPE 🐸, we're comfy! :)
Thanks. I also really like these people. It's a great place.
maybe all that fancy stone age catholic talk actually works
Treat everyone with politeness and kindness, not because they are nice, but because you are.
Kindness, compassion, and the ability to not freak out is someone says words we disagree with. Yup
We're just here for a good time
<3<3<3<3<3<3<3
I love it here.
We are NORMAL Americans

&#x200B;

Not 'right wingers' and the other labels. We are common sense American lovers of law and order and family.
Out of all the russian bots I've encountered on reddit the ones on T\_D are by far the closest to passing for human.
There’s other things too but yeah we’re just trying to make the best life for ourselves here and keep up the good fight.
people who want the next generation to inherit something as good or better as we did
Wow, I just tried it... and you're right! Tried to send, "just testing something... the\_donald", and got "Failed to send: Resend Delete"!
Yep can't say it. "Failed to send" I was able to say The_Mueller just fine.
I tried it with a chat to you, did it come through?
Just tried it, got a "Leave this place" message immediately and I was blocked. LOL what a shithole.
the_donald
The level of playground pettiness knows no bounds apparently.
It's true but only for some subreddit chat rooms. Worldpolitics works. Chatit, or w/e it's called does not.

https://magaimg.net/img/8b7h.png
They also took out unpopularnews chat we are using to talk in...
The_donald
I can get real-time not seed?
There's a chat feature?
Wtf
Yep, not working for me.

&#x200B;

 the\_donald

Failed to send: Resend|Delete
the\_donald
They don't realise it's just making t\_D more and more popular
Try it in the chat feature.  It will just say resend or delete and not go through.
hes talking about the chat feature, next to the inbox icon. not comments
nvm I'm bad at this website
Yeah that’s what I did, I guess it didn’t send.  I’m on mobile.
Excuse me sir, looks like you’ve had too much to think.
That's spreading violence.
With the China money flowing into Reddit, this is virtually accurate.
Report it and keep reporting all of them
What sub and when? This is how its gonna be.  I see anything remotely prompting violence it's reported.
Did not even take the post down?  Screaming hypocrites
Screenshot every violent post like this and report to reddit and to places like hannity,  tucker, Breitbart, etc... If these pussies want to play this game let's play it.
At least he knows he’s going to hell.
Their hypocrisy is astounding
Double standards. Not just on Reddit; everywhere.
That's something suicidal leftists think about. 

Raise of hands who wouldn't say this kind of crap to your worse enemy...
[removed]
And use reddit.com/report to send it directly to the admins. That's what the left does so that's what we must now do. Find the death threats and report them.
>Reddit admins will totally stop Reddit admins from being commies guys!

Are people really this delusional?
Chaposhithouse hasn't even been quarantined.
I'm gonna spam reports through a VPN lol.
So they will do what? Ignore it and selectively enforce the rules anyway?
I have been diligently reporting calls for violence and personal attacks in other places on reddit for a long time, usually nothing happens though. I should start a spreadsheet with comments, links (+archive), and timestamps of the initial report...
I'm not going to snitch, because the only thing relevant is that nothing happened to the sub.

However, the post was so specific, that if you were to do a google search of "mitch mcconnell is a turtle faced fucktard" you would find it as the only result to show up.
They did. But so did we, so that's not a defense. 

also I have the receipts. I'm not trying to get a sub banned, but there are layers of comments below this one still up.

for example, and I am cutting and pasting in real time:

> Thats a bit extreme. A deville, really?
>  
> Agreed. The Deville shouldn’t be ruined that way
> 
> Surely we can fit them both in a Lada.
>  
> Lada is alot more reliable then those cunts. Shove them in a fucking Ford
> 
> Found on road dead. Checks out..
> 
> When someone's politics is directly responsible for the death of thousands, and the destitution of Millions I have a hard time justifying defending their lives
> 
>  How many people has McConnell killed? Thousands, at least. How many more would we save with his justified death? Thousands, at least. He'd be replaced, yes, but we dish out the death penalty for much lesser offences, and those don't deserve it. We're not becoming mass-murderers by murdering one man. That's absurd. We are not even slightly close to almost being "as bad as them" by killing one fuckin' dude to set an example.
> 
> Uhhhmmmmm His wife is just as guilty as he is. She's making money hand over fist because Mitch is the fucking Senate. In conclusion: fuck her too, just as much.
> 
> Violent death reserved for Mitch!
wow
I'm not going to report to reddit.

Here's why.

For starters, I don't agree with any bans. 

Second, they might very well quarantine that sub or more as justification for what they did here. I don't want to give them any justification. 

I did get screenshots though. And not that we need it, but it does illustrate what we all know. This is censorship based on political views.
Sad.
Xe identifies as Xir... you xenophobic racist cunt.
read it more carefully this time
What's needed is teams of people reporting. I guarantee you the left is paying thousands of people to do this full time. 1000 reports on one post gets a lot more attention than 1.
And screencap.  I feel like terabytes of this stuff would constitute evidence of a bias befitting a publisher.
Nah
 

Copy screen shot and send to Tucker. Admins are complicit in the AntiCop rhetoric on SubReddits.
Do it please! That would be incredible to plainly show everyone, even skeptics, the admins' hypocrisy.
Holy shit screen shot all of that!
[removed]
This reminds me so much of those verses that describe Satan "accusing the saints day and night". It's no wonder he's known as "the accuser"
saying "die painfully" isn't designed to intimidate victims in order to manipulate their behaviour

You are totally right, my bad. I don't know how I could be so confused.
Logical inferences aren't your thing I see.

Congratulations on posting your first comments on the Donald. I'm sorry to say your stay will be short.
The Bible is very real and it spoke of very real things.  The Father of Lies, The Accuser, is a very real entity.  He is using weak minded fools on the left to do his bidding.  

It's not just a battle of policies here on Earth, it's a war between Heaven and Hell themselves.  It's an old, tired war, but it seems to be kicking up lately.
But the article he linked to is the fucking SF Gate...
CONTINUE - the word of the Day
The link is sfgate, but surprisingly they actually mention the TRUTH early on in the article:

> The biggest forum for supporters of President Donald Trump on Reddit has been "quarantined" following months of incitements to violence and other offensive behavior, the tech giant said Wednesday,**in a move that could further inflame conservatives' claims of social-media bias.**

> The forum, called "r/The_Donald," has long served as a highly trafficked and controversial gathering place for supporters of Trump and Republicans on Reddit, the United States' fifth-most popular website.

https://www.sfgate.com/news/article/Pro-Trump-message-board-quarantined-by-Reddit-14052482.php
#CENTIPEDE
I'm surprised Drudge isn't celebrating.
He should've linked to Infowars.  He's done it before.

Here's an archive in case shadowbanned:

http://archive.is/4Vhfi
at least someone is talking about our plight though
[deleted]
>months of incitements to violence and other offensive behavior

I don't call that truth.  I'm here most days, and that hasn't been happening.  We have mods, and they have been doing their jobs.
AJ still likes him so he can't be all bad
So are leftwing shithole websites.

Drudge lost his balls a few years ago, fuck him.
And smearing us in the process...
We need more mods. 10 mods working 18 hour days wouldn’t be enough. It should be at least 50
when have the left ever stopped smearing us?
Conservatives think liberals are people with bad ideas.

Liberals think conservatives are bad people with ideas.

See the difference?
Yes, exactly right. We don't hate anybody. We disagree with you, that's all.
Uhmmmm. I hate some of them. But I would never wish violence upon any of them. I just wish the scales would be removed from their eyes so that they could see and be free at last.
Some of my most beloved family members are lefties. I love them, of course. I don't hate people over politics.
Nah, I do hate some leftists. If you want me dead for my viewpoints, I’m gonna hate you. It’s called self preservation.
I don't hate you either until you come at me with a mask on and a bike lock.  Then you're fucking toast.
No, not hate. We simply want to have a voice. That's not too hard to understand.
They think we’re evil, we just think they’re wrong
Speak for yourself.

But enjoy your circlejerk.
Speak for yourself.
That’s the difference between liberals and conservatives. We hate their ideals, not the person, they hate US for our ideals.
We’re happy to agree to disagree and move on, act like civilized adults, ya know?
Feel sorry for them, they're ruining their own lives. Kamma will catch up to them.
But those fucks are not civil.. They will ban you.. Silence you.. And even use violence against you.. And if just just stand and smile we are the baddies..
Nope, hate their views and they can all fuck off
I hate them. I hate everyone of those morons on that debate stage tonight. They are actively trying to destroy America. I can't wait to see GEOTUS push their nominees shit in in the real debate. ( Metaphorically, I am not advocating DJT to actually rape anyone or condoning violence of any kind)
Dan?
We like you, Lefties.  We don’t want to hurt anyone.  In fact, we want you on our side.
mmmm... there are some radical leftists on some youtube videos i'd probably hate irl lol
At this point, I think I do hate them.  It's beyond reconciliation for me.
I agree.  But even for a lot of us on the Right, we had scales over our eyes before Trump showed up.
Almost all of my family are major lefties. They all disowned me when they found out I'm right wing /libertarian. Even though they hate me I still love them
Sad truth is that there is just as much virtue signaling in this sub as in the leftest subs, if not more. 

A vast majority of the people here, while they mean well and are good people, just don't get it. They just don't seem to believe or understand that there is no peaceful resolution to what's going on in this country anymore. 

The left will kill every last one of us without the slightest bit of hesitation or regret if and when they get the chance. 

Sad thing is, as a collective, conservatives are just going to sit on their asses, trying to reason with completely unreasonable people until they have to power to eliminate us.
Can't believe I had to come all the way to the bottom of the thread to find this. Sad.
Yeah, I do hate people who unironically call me a nazi because I believe in legal immigration, 2A, and lower taxation. That's fair, I think.
Yep.  Listen to him every day.
I felt that way until I just accidentally clicked on the politicalhumor post on r all. It's sickening.

Apparently Obama's biggest scandal was the meaning of a sexual relationship and Trump is committing treason. And "that's the reason why I'm proud to be a democrat"
CENK!!!
Well, "hate" is a powerful word. I might dislike them and their actions, but not hate them.
Well, you are entitled to your feelings.
Same here.   Past the point of no return for me.
:(
Yep, Texas is almost blue. Once it turns blue it's all over. They have too much power over us
This man is exactly correct
I love Chunk. His election night coverage alone has brought me endless hours of joy.
Yes respect for individual worth and value but not necessarily their actions or ideas.
Stop being afraid of a perfectly normal emotion.
If your mother or father was hit with that bike lock like that one guy, I'd probably turn into real life John Wick. I would hate them.

But i see your point pede
I made an effort a couple years back to stop using it in my day to day life, among other things. Just a general overhaul of my person to be a better human being. It's been a good run so far 👍
I'm not afraid of it. I'm just not that kind of person. It takes a lot for me to hate somebody.
Well, I try not to watch those violent videos of them attacking people. But I see your point.
Hate isn't a powerful word though, it's nothing more than an extremely common emotion.
You need to.

You need to see what they will do to you, your mother father sister and brothers for their views.
Okay. Listen, you are entitled to your feelings. Just as I'm entitled to my feelings.
I'm awake and aware, don't worry.
I didn't say you are not, but it's not a powerful word, it's that simple.
Okay.
They cannot debate us on facts, so they resort to censorship.
Reddit is a Chinese-owned company.

THIS is actual foreign intervention.
Just in time for the Democrat Debates tonight....
Yeah, it's time for some lawsuits and government intervention. This is just blatant.
They need to give a reason and a standard.   And they need to show how they are not selectively enforcing this standard because of their political ideology.    Reddit is digging their own graves much like Google.   It is time to remove their platform status and make them liable as publishers.
We made it on Drudge.
If anything the quarentine will bring more attention to this subreddit. Fuck Im just a brit scrolling through these posts wondering what the fuck is going on.
Just in time
Subpoena Spez and make him explain to a House subcommittee why he approved this decision
# It's FOREIGN ELECTION INTERFERENCE
wonder if you could consider it foreign interference since reddit is chinese owned
BLATANT. ELECTION. MEDDLING.

Revoke their 230 immediately, Mr. President.
Reddit has "**Jumped the Shark"** with the quarantine of T\_D.
OP is correct. Not sure how it'd play out legally, but I might be able to help organize, anyone with actual interest DM me please.
Didn't some Chinese company buy out a huge part of Reddit? Are the Dems colluding with the Chinese to affect the 2020 election? 

I bet Feinstein (D - Beijing) would have an answer for us.
Good point
Agree. Once the border is squared away and we get voter ID.
YES WOULD DEFIANTLY CHIP IN
This must be the worst take on the internet.
> tweet to timcast

Why does this helpless liberal get so much attention here? The "former" Bernie bros?
I mean disregarding the initial absurdity of that claim,  this is not a forum for furthering the reach of Donald Trump but rather a place for supporters of Trump to convene so that argument is not gonna stand .
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
https://nypost.com/2019/06/25/its-our-elites-who-are-driving-americas-divisions/
Whatever, it's working for them.  They said they would do this back in 2016.
can't resort to violence on the internet
pretty standard for commies
>They cannot debate us on facts, so they resort to censorship.

you mean *alternative* facts
[removed]
[removed]
Reddit is 5% owned by literally the same company that does the majority of online censorship for the Chinese government  
Twitter is 5% owned by a Saudi Prince  
NYT is 7% owned by a Mexican ~~druglord~~ tycoon  
  
And these same companies complain about foreign election interference...they ARE the fucking foreign election interference!  
  
**SPEZ:** Russia spent $100,000 on social media ads (many of which were anti-Trump) and they want to cancel the election results, China spends $150,000,000 (1,500x more) on buying social media platforms and it's totally cool.
Reddit is funded by the Chinese government, and at a time where we are at economic odds affecting some of their biggest sources of growth (Huawei and other tech companies), the company funded by the Chinese government "quarantines" the largest group of supporters for China's economic rival? Seems about right for these people.
Technically, China doesn't own reddit. Tencent, a Chinese company, owns just a small portion of it. It's a private business and I fail to see what the CCP has anything to do with a private company owning a portion of reddit.
Debate? Lol. More like who can agree with the other person more
This is their most brazen move yet.
largest most popular conglomeration of trump supporters online are being suppressed
This has become a constitutional freedom of assembly issue.

Please post the contact information for your state’s attorney general.

To file complaint in Texas, online:  http://txoag.force.com/CPDOnlineForm

Texas Senator, online form:  Ted Cruz   https://www.cruz.senate.gov/?p=form&id=16  (use subject: Reddit Ban)
[removed]
[removed]
They did, it's on the sticky. It's an absolute horse shit and blantantly false reason.
Other subs literally have multiple calls to death against trump and republicans daily.
[removed]
[removed]
because hes the kind of person with a bunch of viewers who would report on this fairly
I think it's just an example to clarify his statement, hence "etc."
>Correct me if I'm wrong, but do we need government intervention to counter private corporate action? 

Depends.  Is the company violating the constitutional rights of citizens?  For example, just because a corporation is private doesn't mean it can go around killing citizens ('The Right to Life').

I say let the Supreme Court decides.

However, if it were up to me, I think the Supreme Court should rule as follows...

If you're a restaurant (or any other type of business that has nothing to do with speech), you don't have to uphold the 1st Amendment.

On the other hand, if your sole business purpose is to provide a **public** platform for speech and self-expression, like Twitter and YouTube, you must uphold the 1st Amendment.  Very simple.

However,  for companies that don't wish to comply, they can simply become a **private** platform instead of a **public platform** platform.   Becoming a private platform means they have to make all their videos and posts private so that the public can not see them and only members can view them.  In this way, they are truly a private club and so can moderate speech however they want.
How the fuck would you know?
[removed]
ur too pathetic to argue logically so you get giddy at the thought of silencing your opponents 

you ARE the bad guys make no bones about it
Troll level: novice
>  charge too much for you peasants.
Sure Avanatti
> ... the celebrated sci-fi author Neal Stephenson envisions a future United States split between the violent, gun-toting, uneducated, cross-burning religious fanatics of bullet-ridden “Ameristan” and the peaceful, educated, secular denizens of the nation’s Blue enclaves, where decorum and truth always prevail.

Wow, now I **really** want to read that unbiased fiction he wrote. /s

Interesting to see how education really plays a role though from the study they conducted...

> While the misperceptions that Republicans harbor about Democrats don’t improve with higher levels of education, the misconceptions Democrats have regarding Republicans only get worse with every additional degree they earn.

> “This effect is so strong,” the study’s authors note, “that Democrats without a high-school ­diploma are three times more accurate than those with a postgraduate degree.”
[removed]
Voter fraud is working too and we can't even get together on stopping that
Why do you like censorship?   What are you afraid of?
Almost like they aren't exclusively american but in fact globally active.
Nah it’s just trying to offer the most free stuff
Posobiec just posted about it, so hopefully it's making its way to the President.
Ridiculous to think they will just flagrantly do stuff like this, as you said, to the largest congolomeration of Trump Supporters on the internet. They think we are not going to notice? They think we are stupid and will just give up? - The only reason I still use reddit is because of this sub. They are playing with fire. The people, united, will never be defeated.
[removed]
when facebook and twitter became the public square, they lost that status as a private company to police opinion based content.  The lawsuit is coming and I guaran-fucking-t it's a unanimous decision. Except for maybe sotomayor as she doesn't believe in the United States constitution.
BAKE MY CAKE, BITCH!
It’s not false, it’s just arbitrarily low standard and not equally enforced. We had an average of about 1 missed infraction a day. That’s fucking good, I don’t know if it would be possible to get it lower. 

I FOUND A PERSON TALKING ABOUT THE SECOND AMENDMENT, AND IM SURE HE WAS THINKING ABOUT IT ILLEGALLY, BURN THE ENTIRE THING TO THE GROUND. 

But cereally , the fact they did this right after veritas, means they’re playing hardball, no fucks given. They were made fools with sjw bait and want to show everyone they hold the cards.
the problem is, they aren't applying equal application of the stated policy violation: violence against cops, and violence against public officials

If that's the case, every major political sub, including redacted (and many other non political subs) need to be quarantined as well. The dominant political sub on reddit encourages violence against the POTUS ('public official') literally every single day. Check the sub on the day Scalise got shot, for an abundance of examples. They've violated this policy far more then T\_D, and suffered zero consequences
Why are you oppressing me, says the man as he grinds his jackboots on the faces of those he hates.    "Hate speech is violence", he says as tries to justify his violent acts.
You silly sot.  I mean, you really must be mentally deficient.  Not only is your thought completely inane, but your sentence structure is atrocious.
>...bunch of idiot extremists going all surprisedp ikachu when the private enterprise providing the discussion forum they use to be idiot extremists is starting to clamp down on the idiotic extremism...

Here is an example of another liar, blatantly lying that this sub-reddit is full of extremists.  Supporting a President who puts the people of this country first is now considered 'extremists'.  LOL.
because he tries to report fairly even when it goes against his personal views.
>Depends. Is the company violating the constitutional rights of citizens? For example, just because a corporation is private doesn't mean it can go around killing citizens ('The Right to Life').

Corporations can't go around killing people not because it violates the constitution, but because it violates the laws. The Constitution and subsequently the Bill of Rights only apply to the Federal Government and thanks to the 14th amendment state and local governments as well.

The Constitution and all the rights it protects only prevents the government from infringing upon them, not private companies or individuals.
[removed]
At least us gun-toting, uneducated hicks don't have shit and syringes all over our streets.
I'm not American, don't have a gun, and not religious, definitely describes my reason for being here!
Why censor us then?  You prefer aborting the developmentally delayed I bet.
[removed]
[removed]
Your point being?
He absolutely will find out soon and we will get a tweet. He's going to take this as a personal attack, which it is.
i dont think it really matters to them in the long run to be honest, having the website more clearly present itself as an echo chamber might make some people apprehensive of joining, but i doubt reddit will give a shit if 1m of its users drop off the map, so long as the other ones stay.
Exactly
They have servers located here, and generate revenue from here, and pay taxes to here. So yes, they are part of the USA.
Reddit is headquartered in San Francisco and majority shareholder is Advance Publications.
[removed]
I suspect these lying shills are going back onto posts a week old or more and THEN commenting their vile calls to violence when everyone has already read the thread.  And then reporting it with their other accounts.  I'd really love to get my hands on some specific examples of who was supposedly threatening the police with violence.  I'd like to check post history etc.
The unfair enforcement is the big one. Go into literally any post about police on Reddit and you will find multiple people saying they should be killed simply for bring police officers. This sub is one of the most pro law enforcement subs on the site.
[removed]
>Corporations can't go around killing people not because it violates the constitution, but because it violates the laws.

Yes, a law that derives from the protections afforded by the Constitution.

>The Constitution and all the rights it protects only prevents the government from infringing upon them, not private companies or individuals.

Depends.  We'll see what the Supreme Court decides, if it ever goes to the Supreme Court.
There are shills here spouting that shit.  Have been all along.  We deport them and they show up with another new made up account.  You're probably one of them.  Those are the people saying stupid shit trying to get this sub shutdown.  I actually just read a comment in politics and the commenter was saying the same thing I just did.  They are projecting once again.  We know they do it to us so they need to say we're doing the same to them.  Little do they know, ain't nobody got time fo that!  We don't really give a fuck what they think over there and wouldn't use their same queer assed tactics.
Sir, those aren't shit and syringes. They are **environmental deposits** and **universal medical liberation devices**.

I expect nothing less from a bible wielding, police hating hick like you.
[removed]
And abortion

You think abortion is going to be an issue when we lose every seat in Congress?
The difference being we're honest about it. You know what you're getting into when you come here. Meanwhile, reddit is supposed to be politically neutral.
That ist pretty dumb to think that this is some grand conspiracy to keep Trump from getting reelected when there are much more sensible explanations to why theses companies are partially owned by foreign investors. And it's extremely dumb to expect an international company to be in all American hands.
Trump Jr retweeted, so I'd guessing Trump knows by now.
7.5 million.
But do my taxes go to pay for Reddit servers?
Twitter should probably make all account and all posts private so that the public can not see them, and so that only members can see it, if Twitter want to claim that it is not a public square and that it is instead, a private platform.

At this point though, it doesn't really matter what Twitter, Facebook, YouTube, and Reddit do, there are already enough Trump supporters to re-elect Trump in 2020.

Censoring Trump supporters will not make them vote for Democrats.  
There is no path for a Democrat win in 2020.

It's already over for Democrats.
Lol dude just look at random politics post vs td post, and look for actual calls for violence. It’s night and day. Just look at the report of infractions, it averages one a day, that’s impossible to improve upon. Also we have professional  idiots who disagree with our non violent discourse waging war against this sub. 

This sub is an allegory for trump and the collusion of tech, the left, and others. 

Praying that Barr catches the Hail Mary.
You cool with aborting the politically "retarded" as you call us?   

https://nypost.com/2019/06/25/its-our-elites-who-are-driving-americas-divisions/
[removed]
Reddit operates under american law, so your point is moot, and it's not a conspiracy its fucking reality.
i see 759,780
your taxes go to the enforcement of legislation that regulates businesses like reddit
Look at these cucks. They're feeling rather empowered right about now.
As in, the Admins are supposed to fuck off and let the users make their own subs for politics and only interfere when it reaches CTH or CoonTown levels of violence.
For people who have been around long enough, this subreddits subscriber count was around the 300,000 mark and then the advertiser numbers came out showing supposed actual subscriber counts and this sub had 6,000,000+ subscribers. Reddit changed this and tried passing this off and unique impressions but if i recall correctly other subs and their subscriber counts were not nearly as far off vs this sub. With the given information that reddit mods were wanting to censor this domreddit, people assumed they were throttling public subscriber counts so it perceptively look smaller vs other subreddits and throttle front page content (which we can no longer be unless logged in and subbed).
Reddit is has practiced censorship against this subreddit and there is a target on this subs back.

If the subscriber counters were accurately reflected today, we'd be looking at a sub count of roughly 12,000,000 users if the % disparty of roughly 15-16x difference was still accurate.

One source: 
https://linustechtips.com/main/topic/760131-reddit-could-be-lying-to-us-about-subscriber-counts/

Edit: wording and clarity.
So my taxes don't pay for Reddit servers. Got it.
It's weird hearing calls for regulations on a conservative sub
Of course they are! We know who these people are from history
Follow up tweets:

##[....in our Country’s history, and the poverty index is also best number EVER), leagues and teams love coming to the White House. I am a big fan of the American Team, and Women’s Soccer, but Megan should WIN first before she TALKS! Finish the job! We haven’t yet....](https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/1143892328236687361?s=19)

##[....invited Megan or the team, but I am now inviting the TEAM, win or lose. Megan should never disrespect our Country, the White House, or our Flag, especially since so much has been done for her & the team. Be proud of the Flag that you wear. The USA is doing GREAT!](https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/1143892329582997505?s=19)
Trump should start inviting homeless people instead of these teams - give them jerseys and shit and say he feels like they can use the food more.
Megan Rapinoe could visit E. Jean Carrol instead. She would be fascinating to talk to...
She is so brave! Wow
Politely calls out the crazies. Graciously invites them win or lose. This is a win/win for GEOTUS, and will backfire spectacularly for any athletes that Reeeee-sist
I hope none of the NBA players has a MasterCard
[deleted]
##FINISH THE JOB FIRST!!!
No one seems to understand - leftists/marxists do not care that black unemployment is low, they don't care about criminal justice reform, they don't care about the stock market, and they don't care that America is the least racist/sexist/whateverphobic place in the whole goddamn world. They don't fucking care. They are fundamentally opposed to equality because they aren't able to extract guilt, special treatment, and and protected status from the rest of us. That's why it doesn't matter to them how good things are in America - they're after something that they can only get from marxism. It will always be orange man bad no matter what.


[Relevant recommended viewing](https://youtu.be/x3ZiLcIItsY)
If these players were smart they would go to the White House and face the man himself and discuss their issues with him. They could propose things that would help their "communities" or whatever.
I wish people would stop giving this women’s soccer player attention.  It is a privilege to represent the country and it is a privilege to go to the White House and meet the president of the day.
Who?
I love this man
Well, there is no doubt that they are going to lose now Friday thanks to the Trump Curse.
# THE MADMAN SPEAKS FOR US.

TRUMP CURSE INCOMING
With Barron playing on the DC United youth academy, this is probably the first President I remember that had a legit tie to US Soccer.   If she really wanted to "make a difference" you would figure she would take the opportunity to visit the White House and see about joining Herschel Walker and Lou Ferrigno for the President's Fitness Advisory Board.
welp no women's world cup this year. Thanks Megan. 

IIRC didn't she blow it last time?
Normally I would hope for the Trump effect to take effect, but this is the whole team, and I'm sure there are some good Patriots on there...so definitely don't want them to lose. But at least this exposes her and hopefully begins her alienation from the team as I'm sure a lot of them are going to be pissed she's dragging them down with her, and want to meet GEOTUS

#kaepernickeffect?
IT'S FUCKING EMBARASSING! 


DUH-BUHL-YOO!!!!!
Wow she said naughty things about trump, how stunning AND brave.
Rapinoe shouldn’t even be starting. She didn’t look good in open play and Christen Press is in her prime.
It would be a shame if the Trump curse were to strike the soccer team now that Megan has opened her mouth.
This is a Very Stable Genius tweet.  The mentioning of sportsball drama gets everyone to notice and there MSM is treating GEOTUS' Criminal Justice Reform like the plague in not reporting on it because it's such a big win.  Also LOL @ FINISH THE JOB!
Speaks out against the national anthem and yet plays for the national team which represents America because she gets paid. Clown
I am a proud American and a big sports fan but I really want our women's team to lose after this player's attitude and comments. She is an national embarrassment and needs to learn humility and respect.
Trump Curse incoming.
And the Trump curse starts in 3,2,1.......
SAVAGE
Don’t go to WH. No one really cares.
I just love the way POTUS hits back.  This absolute nobody thinks she can take a cheap shot and get "hip" points, then bam.
My girlfriend doesn't follow basically any of the current events, but I just told her about Rapinoe and her refusing to sing the national anthem and hating the president. Her first response "isn't she American? This country is literally the best for women and people's rights, she has no idea what a hard life is so why isn't she crying about the countries who are actually bad?". 

My girlfriend is an immigrant, she's seen first hand how a country can actually be oppressive to people, these fragile white women who have had nothing but the easiest life in history whining and refusing to sing the national anthem are pathetic to the umpteenth degree. I can't fathom the easy life Rapinoe has had, that smug sense of self importance only comes from a long life of ease. I hope she botches the win, and the entire team minus her goes to the white house and are treated like champions still.
What a nasty woman.
Trump even brought the real World Cup to the US in 2026
Verified cunt face Tony "piece of shit" Nanski is the new Krassenstein, ain't he?
we dont need that cunt in the People's house. she is an utter embarrassment, disgrace and detriment to her country. Pink hair is not part of the uniform. when you play for a team, no matter the President, when invited YOU GO. You dont make excuses, you dont use it as a protest, you dont get a say. It is a team function and you represent your team. Even if its Obama. You accept the invitation, get your recognition and move on. It's not a "freedom of speech" matter. you signed that away when you signed your contract to be on the team.
Hope France whoop their asses
Hates the country. 

Goes and plays soccer for the US and shits on the country. 

Great role model you got the team USA. 

Don't come back.
If my team of fully grown women had lost to a junior, under-15 boys team, I wouldnt want to show my face anywhere in public, let alone the White House
Soccer is popular in Mexico. Have her go stay there for a year. She will be singing like Aretha Franklin next summer
We should always root for America. Don't let some purple haired feminist change that! **Keep America Great!**
They will lose to France.
Trump needs to cancel all invites for professional sports teams and start inviting high school championship teams. Guaranteed every one of those kids would appreciate the opportunity 10x more than these POS professional athletes
Glad I got the see this tweet on reddit before the quarantine...it’s the last free post
Aside from being the classy thing to do, POTUS doing this is also preventing MAGA folks from rooting against the USA womens' soccer team, which... let's be honest... wouldn't really be a good look for us or for MAGA.  I am sure there are players on the team who would be more than delighted to meet the President, even ones who don't like him.  Single loudmouths shouldn't be allowed to ruin things for entire groups.
No surprise that it's the ugliest player on the team who's a raging cunt.
The stupid girl could go to the white house and debate Trump to his face. But she knows she will get BTFO on any argument.
Trump curse incoming.
Honestly he might not be as "well spoken" as other presidents, or be "politically correct" but he is constantly playing 3D chess, he is the most hard working and dedicated president the USA has ever had, and by far the most patriotic as well. He even gave up a billionaire's lifestyle to get constantly slandered and hated on by misleading/out-of-context media just to "fix" this country for the better. God has blessed America with Trump.
Why don't people just ignore this woman? She wants all the attention.
It doesn't matter what POTUS does for the majority of African Americans.  

They have been programmed to hate him and all white people for slavery, even though not ONE of them alive today has been a slave, and even though not a single American (excluding the elites) is a currently slave owner.  

They don't care that less than 4% of the population ever owned slaves, they are happy to condemn the other 96% of good people, millions of whom also came to America as 'indentured bondsmen' and suffered horribly.

They don't care that hundreds of thousands of white Americans DIED in a war to end the institution of slavery, or that millions of white Americans pay taxes every year to underwrite the lives of struggling African Americans.  

None of this matters to them.

You simply cannot reason with hateful NPC's.  They are a lost cause.
Someone that hates the U.S. so much shouldn't be placed on the U.S. Women's soccer team.
She has turned off so many people from supporting the team. The women's team just attracts feminists and cucks now. Cant wait til her and the coach who allows it are gone.
BFD. It's women's soccer. It's like the WNBA but with an even smaller audience.
Purple haired anti-American. Fuck her.
[removed]
This bums me out as a basketball fan since the Jordan years.

I love the sport. But I hate what the NBA is doing.
Ali testosterone and HGH she's injecting makes her cranky
When he serves lunch he should just give her a piece of carpet.
Fucking Eugene at it again, this pos is a fucking doctor, go do doctor things and get off Twitter
why even respond to it? These people believe wholeheartedly they have the moral high ground. they cant be convinced to reality.
LOL!

USA TEAM INVITED, BUT NOT HER
I fucking love my President !
Trump curse incoming?
Trump Curse incoming.

My opinion is that women's soccer is a waste of time, the people who promoted it in recent years are not too different from those in Hollywood churning out remakes featuring more grrrl power.
Who cares what some albino carpet munching bull dyke thinks?
She watches too much CNN
Go France!
Maybe she should move to Canada with all those other public spineless personalities that never did but ran their mouths off .
Megan couldn't carry Abby Wambach's jock.
TIL women still play professional soccer.
Hello fellow Pedes. Long-time lurker, first time poster in TD. Reddit prodded me to finally join with is fascist quarantine. Does anyone here use [Gab.ai](https://Gab.ai)? I know Gab recently came out with Dissenter as a way to let people comment on any Web page. See:[https://www.breitbart.com/tech/2019/02/27/gab-launches-dissenter-platform-to-add-comments-section-to-every-page-on-the-internet/](https://www.breitbart.com/tech/2019/02/27/gab-launches-dissenter-platform-to-add-comments-section-to-every-page-on-the-internet/)
is it a man or a woman. 

Can't tell. 

On the womens team doesn't matter anymore does it?
Let's face it, women's soccer sucks
It's almost like most blacks don't give a shit about everything Trump has done for them and still see him as a racist bigot and nothing can ever change that.
I just don't give a fuck about soccer. Let alone women's soccer. It's like women's basketball.... very very slow
They might not want to get out of shape with McDonald’s though
CNN: Unhinged misogynist dictator attacks woman
I'm still waiting for the Trump curse to give her a compound fracture so she can sit home WHILE the rest of the team visits the White House!
Lol I can’t get over the losers trying to sell products like e-books in those twitter comments. Like who tf links an e-book with every tweet?
She's old and should make way for younger players. She missed 3 shots on goal because she was too slow. Doesn't have it anymore.
When you own a business you are an OWN-ER.  Not a master.  Does anyone not realize that the 1% has become entirely left wing?
> the NBA, which now refuses to call owners, owners

How long before the "White House calls for the reinstatement of slavery!" articles...
Is the Rapinoe or Rapin' Hoe?
TLDR Trump: “Sit Down. Be Humble.”
Daddy just obliterated her.
Who the fuck is Eugene Gu, MD, and why does he have so much hatred to be the first reply on so many Trump tweets? Is he a real doctor or is he a bot?
Ugh I REALLY wish he didn't give this nobody attention-whore what she so desperately craves. Now she probably feels like an antifa hero fighting the evil Drumpf. At least Kaepernick played a sport people used to actually watch.
"not going to the F-ing White House"....a real classy lady, I see.  Don't worry, you're not wanted.
when you are playing in your sports most prestigious tournament and all you have on your mind is the president of the country you hate..rent free
place your bets on France.
It's like the Eye of Sauron has turned toward xir....enjoy your Trump Curse, Butterface!
Eugene Gu who?

Exactly.

*Dance monkey dance.  Your shilliness amuses us.*
**TRUMP CURSE INCOMING**
BTFO megan
Women’s sports. Lol that’s cute
watch the team will now say "trumps attack on our teammate was disgusting with that we are declining as a team to visit the white house" he should have never given them an out
As a huge fan of soccer and big supporter of both the US Men and Women's National Team, I'm very disappointed to hear this. It's an honor to meet with the POTUS, whether you agree with them or not. Unlike the domestic championships of other sports like the NBA or NFL, the World Cup is on a national stage. Not a good look for Rapinoe if you ask me.
The first president to openly support the gay community since taking office. Just because late night tv tells you he’s evil doesn’t mean you have to stop thinking.

Also you have an opportunity to voice any issues in the most effective way. Instead you whine and bitch about it. Keep running on reparations and concentration camps liberals. It’s a winning cause.
Serve the womens team hotdogs
He couldn’t have said it any better. Very stable genius
The NBA should refer to the players as "cast members" for what is today a very boring show to watch...
Trump curse incoming
The media is brain washing these people, and the silent majority are worried about speaking out only to be ridiculed.  I no longer blame the people themselves, they are being manipulated.
Invite both teams. Except her.
They took down the quarantine sticky. Why?
It's time for a crusade
Lol says the pink haired SJW.
meme discord up, pm me for invite
Trump should invite the team - except her. Fucking idiot knows how good she has it, but no idea how she got it apart from "privilege".
What about white unemployment?
If she didn't say the hateful things she said to make the news I would not know who she is. Who cares what she thinks.
Because of their anti-American rants and Cameroon's antics I'm pulling for England to win.
He knows this this will create a news frenzy and  included accomplishments the media will be forced to mention.
As a big soccer fan and someone who named his daughters after USWNT players, I wish this didn't happen.

But I feel like this turmoil was inevitable so it's best to get it out of the way now than later.
Most athletes are fucking assholes. Have role models who actually accomplish useful shit for America. Charles Barkley said it best. He was NOT a role model.
Team is welcome anyway. No matter what happens. Talk about power move.
While I am a Trump supporter, he is off-base here. It has nothing to do with Country, the WH, or the flag. It has to do with him. She does not want to be in the same room as the POTUS and that is her right.
It is because she is ugly.
He should give up on black people and focus on his actual base of supports, white people, who are suffering in today's economy
athletes and sports do nothing but distract the masses and keep them sound asleep. it gives normie morons something to talk about without actually talking about anything. it's very scary if you think about what the average person would talk about if movies, sports, or television shows didn't exist.
Wait but what does black unemployment have to do with the USWNT?
I was cheering for team USA. Now, I will cheer against them this Friday.

Hope they regret disrespecting our glorious country.
She's not going to the WH?!  Well that's it Drumpf has to resign now, he's finished.
Finish the job!
Like a boss.
I smell the infamous "Trump Curse" in her future...
I think I should take my daughters to a Seattle Reign match and let Megan know that Trump is her president. But that would involve stepping over homeless, heroin needles, piles of shit, and not being able to carry. On second thought we'll stay home and not give them a fuckin dollar.
Get em! Dont hold back!
team will refuse as a whole..same old song and dance.
Never really had any grandparental influence growing up, but this sure sounds like something an awesome grandpa would say.
Win or lose! I hope they lose!
👆 This actually needs to happen.
Brings to mind the Parable of the Banquet, Luke 14:15-24.
Just like the parable in the Bible about how God invited the chosen ones to his wedding feast and they didn't show so he sent men out to get the beggars and the street people to invite them to the feast.
This just in. Trump panders to homeless in desperate attempt to shed the bad president image he has created

-CNN
Totally agree.  I don't idolize anyone is sports.  They play a game for a living and make a shit-ton of money.  There are many people much more worthy of vising the WH.
That's actually an incredibly good idea. The left would trip over themselves trying to figure out what to say. Can someone call Rush today with that idea? Maybe Trump will hear it.
to be honest, these women lost to a group of under-15 yr old boys, a homeless squad could easily take them down, with little to no practice, or understanding of the game.
Send this to Trump team. Yes.

Trump 45 jerseys.
This is ingenious.
Vets
Better yet for this situation, invite the team, excluding Megan, and in her place a homeless vet. Everyone is replaceable when they're a c*nt
Great idea!
Yep they would be 1000x more grateful than these liberal entertainment millionaires.
Jesus told a story of a man who wanted to throw a huge banquet for his friends. They ask made up an excuse not to attend. So he said to his servant:

Go out quickly into the streets and alleys of the town and bring in the poor, the crippled, the blind and the lame.'

"'Sir,' the servant said, 'what you ordered has been done, but there is still room.'

"Then the master told his servant, 'Go out to the roads and country lanes and compel them to come in, so that my house will be full. I tell you, not one of those who were invited will get a taste of my banquet'" (Luke 14:15–24).

Trump needs to invite the poor and needy into the WH.
It doesn't seem to be the whole team being attention whores, just this chick desperate for her daddy's affection.
What happened to 

"nO HaNdOuTs!!!!"

Work for your reward. Too bad successful people dislike Trump...
wait but homeless people don't deserve help from the government remember? Best to spend that money on more guns to give to white terrorists
[removed]
Rapinoe is sexy, according to Carroll.
"You are breathtaking" .. 

"And  you are fascinating".
She should petition to meet RBG instead and take a picture for all of us!
_stunning 👏🏼 and 👏🏼brave_
Another pink haired loser
And so original
YASSSSS QUEEN!
Not only is she not going to the White House, she's an open *lesbian*! So so brave!
Art. Of. The. Deal.
According to "Dr." Goo, that's "hitting back".
Is it backfiring if you just don't go?
Also graciously wishes them well and says he’s rooting for them to win as a fan.  What a womp womp letdown for the hate filled harpies and their followers who were hoping for a vicious swing from the POTUS. He truly does put his love of the USA above everything. Too bad Rapinhoe and her ilk are too petty to do the same.
Things are only a win for drumpf in the eyes of his ignorant supporters. To everyone else, he's lost so much, these "wins" don't really mean anything.
LMAO
I dont get this one. Explain plse
Illegals cant get a visa
# **BOYCOTT MASTERCARD**
Tried to give gold for this.  Reddit won't allow guilding in this sub anymore.    


Gold to you!
Ultra-Top Kek.
Thanks to the Trump curse, this likely means they’ll lose. For whatever reason, the going rate on this situation is 100%. They never win
Be nice, you bigot. If she and the team can start playing like 15 year old boys, they'll be a shoo-in and will own Drumpf.
She already won a gold medal at the Olympics and won the world cup in 2015.

Edit: The deleted comment said something along the lines of, Rapinoe should only talk when she accomplishes something.
They already didn't look so hot in their last game which was the only one against decent competition thus far. and They only won because of a soft foul the ref gave as a penalty kick
I fucking love our President!!
The pressure is all on you rapino
[Ideological subversion.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yuri_Bezmenov)
They hate white people that's about as deep as it gets.
Where's the "virtue" in that?
But thats not how virtue signaling works
They don't want solutions. They want to be angry.
Only Kim K had the balls for that. She doesnt get enough credit for it. Also Van "its a white-lash" Jones.
[deleted]
Why do that when they can cry about him online for upvotes, likes, and hearts?
This is exactly what I always thought. If I hated Obama and he invited me to the White House for some reason, I would be nice to him and say very openly how I disagree with virtually everything he does. By being kind and presenting my views coherently he’s much more prone to listen and act. We can have a discussion and act like adults.

I never understood why people don’t get this. If you hate someone and have a chance to talk to them, take it! Talk to them and have a discussion. Trump is super helpful to every single person that treats him like a human. Look how he helped out Kim K.
she only knows what media / social media tells her. you'd think most people would engage in conversation with the president if offered the chance. you could do so much more by actually talking than re-posting the same shit the herd posted. the country that gave her every opportunity to succeed in her sport.
did you just assume her community?

spez: I know I did
I don't think their issues are ones that GEOTUS can help with.
> If these players were smart
they don't want to discuss with him because they are wrong and they know they are wrong
>With Barron playing on the DC United youth academy

TIL

My guess is midfield
you mean 2015? Naw, United States won that one.
They won the world cup in 2015
Every match I’ve watched showed every player with their hands on their hearts singing the anthem. She’s the only one with her hands behind her back looking pissed. Pretty sure no other players share her mentality.
Perhaps Megan will be ejected from the game early and the team will go on to win without her?  That would be perfect karma.
Yeah - I'd be pretty teed off (different sport, but kek) if I had some joker on a team I'm on, representing my entire nation, sitting there making me and mine look bad.  

Not only to the citizenry but on the world stage, by disparaging the President and consequently the nation.

How boorish do you have to be to think that's remotely acceptable?  

Shit, I wasn't a fan of Dubya's policies, or *either* Clinton, or Obama - but I'm levelheaded and objective enough to be cordial, respectful, and acknowledge my role as an American representative.

Just to screw with the progressives:  What a dickhead!
//Kicks trash can
Happy cake day!
Ellis is a shit coach. She has no idea what she's doing. Press for Rapinoe and McDonald for Morgan were obvious switches at the half against Spain.
The age-old axiom is: ‘be careful what you wish for, because you just might get it”. Today, President Trump brilliantly responded  to Ms. Rapinoe.  First, by calling out her arrogance in declaring  victory before she even played the World Cup matches; and secondly, by  inviting the entire team to the White House “win or lose”.

The pressure is now upon Ms. Rapinoe. That pressure overlays a  preexisting, unstable and tenuous psychological condition related to her  tribal self-identification and commercial aspirations. This dynamic is a  recipe for implosion. It will not end well for her.

From\_: [https://theconservativetreehouse.com/2019/06/26/brilliant-play-president-trump-invites-u-s-womens-soccer-team-to-white-house-win-or-lose/](https://theconservativetreehouse.com/2019/06/26/brilliant-play-president-trump-invites-u-s-womens-soccer-team-to-white-house-win-or-lose/)
The rest of the team has hands over hearts each time though. It would be better not to throw them under the bus alongside the Lesbian.
[removed]
The man spits fire on the mic.
The man spits fire on the mic. He's the greatest rapper after Dubya Shakespeare.
Its funny because if Barron ends up any good at soccer he could be playing in it. Long shot but amusing none the less.
I just looked it up and you're right, the US national womens soccor team lost to an under 15 years old boys soccer team in Dallas, 5-2. And leftists still think boys who decide they want to be girls should be playing in women's sports and win everything every time?
Will they? I have no idea how likely they are to win or lose.
I'm a huge fan of the USWNT and will continue to support them. Rapinoe is entitled to her opinion, and I'm entitled to lose all respect for her for the way she's behaving. She should be riding the bench right now, and would be if we had a real coach.
He so hard working he barely leaves the golf courses!
^this
No way dude, tons of little girls play soccer - way more then basketball, and it’s good soccer, just at a slower pace
The NBA is a giant joke now at least as far as I see it.  Granted, I haven't really watched in years, but the reason being the whole game now seems to just be "freakishly tall person dunks all day."  Boring.
At least better than men's soccer. They don't flop as much and writhe on the ground like pussies.
To be fair, I don't think the guilt projection of some NBA corporate asshats really speaks for what most black people think...
Trump black numbers are higher and higher. People will be shocked how well he does with them and the Hispanics.
Still faster than watching Golf.
he is the fake dr who sued trump for blocking him that time..notice once the gay brothers got banned he suddenly popped back up being first in the tweets
Better be reinstating this sub
"Look-at-me look-at-me look-at-me look-at-me look-at-me look-at-me!" - Megan Whats-her-name
Seriously.  Love that he has this leverage as the country improves, he can position all these critics where they are - as anti-Americans.
Have to disagree with you there. Yeah, they have one mouthy militant lesbian stirring up shit, but I'm not going to root against the US.
You're better off. Whichever country wins will end up with a feminist revival.
I think this is a great idea.   Hamberders and Chick-fil-a for everyone!
There was a king in the Bible who did just that (or a rich man, maybe a parable, lol, trust POTUS to get me reading the Bible)...anyway it would truly be biblical.
Starting at verse 12, ending after verse 24:

----

Then Jesus said to his host, “When you give a luncheon or dinner, do not invite your friends, your brothers or sisters, your relatives, or your rich neighbors; if you do, they may invite you back and so you will be repaid. But when you give a banquet, invite the poor, the crippled, the lame, the blind, and you will be blessed. Although they cannot repay you, you will be repaid at the resurrection of the righteous.”

When one of those at the table with him heard this, he said to Jesus, “Blessed is the one who will eat at the feast in the kingdom of God.”

Jesus replied: “A certain man was preparing a great banquet and invited many guests. At the time of the banquet he sent his servant to tell those who had been invited, ‘Come, for everything is now ready.’

“But they all alike began to make excuses. The first said, ‘I have just bought a field, and I must go and see it. Please excuse me.’

“Another said, ‘I have just bought five yoke of oxen, and I’m on my way to try them out. Please excuse me.’

“Still another said, ‘I just got married, so I can’t come.’

"The servant came back and reported this to his master. Then the owner of the house became angry and ordered his servant, ‘Go out quickly into the streets and alleys of the town and bring in the poor, the crippled, the blind and the lame.’

“‘Sir,’ the servant said, ‘what you ordered has been done, but there is still room.’

“Then the master told his servant, ‘Go out to the roads and country lanes and compel them to come in, so that my house will be full. I tell you, not one of those who were invited will get a taste of my banquet.’”
Decolores!
Does the president go to church?
My 7 yo old daughter said to me (clearly repeating what her teacher said to her) “the women’s team is better than the men’s team”. I say “how do you figure?” “They win world cups and the men don’t.” My wife says “that’s true!” - my response, “so with that logic [our newphew’s] little league team is better than the Milwaukee Brewers?”
Any women's team will lose just the same. There's a reason women's and men's sports are separate.
I’m going for the hard troll with homeless - maybe homeless vets.
Did *not* need that mental image.  Bad trip, man...***bad trip!***
Get the Law & Order writers on it.
Truly fascinating!
Very stunning
Ugh I watched the match there other day and saw she dyed her hair pink. She was the only dumbass not singing the anthem. I’m sure her teammates love her for it 🙄.
And what have you done in your pathetic thrash life?
Serious talk. I think this is the most annoying thing ever. 

I know you are using it to be sarcastic. Right on. 

But people who use it seriously make me want to harm myself in terrible ways.
It is incredible to watch it unfold. Like watching Sun Tzu preparing for Battle. This timeline :)
When the rest of the country sees them for what they are, I'd say yes
Upvoted for hate filled harpies!
They changed the name of NBA team owners from "Owner" to "Governors" because the thought is that "Owner" is an offensive term as it conjures up imagery of slave owners.  This nimble Pede said he/she hopes that none of the offended NBA players have a MasterCard because "Master" or "Massa" was a term that slaves would call their owners in US.  The thought is if they're offended by an NBA team owner being called an Owner than they should be offended that there's mention of the word Master in Mastercard.
Now that they can't have owners, they probably can't have "Master"cards.
**Master**Card
Same here.
Lord help you if you get a nefarious Master’s Degree.
You mean GovernorCard?
Thanks but don't give money to these Nazis
I can't wait to see them lose. If you're going to wear that flag playing a fucking game then don't shit on half the country and pretend to have the moral high ground. I'm going to be overjoyed if they get the shit stomped out of them. I've always been polite about rooting for them because they represent the country but women's soccer is a fucking joke. I've seen goals made touted as highlight worthy when all they did was shoot slow as molasses high up in a corner because the short female keeper can't even jump that high.
There’s actually a good chance they lose to France Friday. US played like crap against Spain, the coach doesn’t really have any tactics or have good ideas in general.
It’s because their thoughts are on completely irrelevant things instead of the job at hand. Why go play for the United States if you aren’t proud of it? Money I suppose. Instead of focusing solely on the win she’s focused on apologetic politics and smearing our country. Pathetic.
For those that may not be aware, [15 year old boys team beat US Women's National team](https://www.dailymail.co.uk/sport/football/article-4389760/USA-women-s-team-suffer-5-2-loss-FC-Dallas-U-15-boys.html)
His feelings don't care about your facts.
This^
Trump called their bluff a while back by asking them to come present their issues...yep, it’s all virtue signaling.
Yep.

Don't know if its a holding or attacking, but yep
I must be thinking of 2011.
In the words of Steven Crowder ; Dat angry lesbian haircut
What's hilarious is the she was kneeling during the anthem a couple years ago, so the next team played the Anthem before the teams came out and she REEEEED when the team said they did it because they didn't want her hijacking the anthem.
Well now all of these teams act like their teammates are their family and they have to stick together so if one of them says, “No way!” The others think they’re being brave for not going either. It’s childish and stupid.
What did I tell you about stick tape?
Please dont bring that here lol.

Love you none the less patriot.
Rapinoe especially had to go - I kept waiting for it to happen. Morgan didn’t look great either you’re right. Haven’t seen enough of McDonald to judge that swap though.
Your comment was automatically removed because you directly linked to an outside subreddit or other user. This rule was put in place by Reddit admins because they don't want our users "interfering" in other communities.  Moderators will review for approval

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/The_Donald) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Lol no chance.
They utterly destroyed the very possibility of defense with rule change after rule change, starting in 1999.
I've noticed that too.  Why do you think that is?
You don't think most blacks hate Trump and think he's a racist?  What planet are you living on?
Won't make up for him losing ground with whites.
Megan I-want-publicity
I am.. These Liberal cunts are as anti-american as they come.
I concur. Does anyone else concur?
Wash it down with a big gulp of covfefe!
It's a parable about how Christ came first to the Jews, God's chosen people, and they largely rejected Him, so He invited anyone who wanted to come instead.
Honestly it would be an enormous disruption for the president to go to a public church.

Most likely he just prays at night.

Is church attendance required to be a good Christian?

Is it better to attend a Church where the pastor regularly preaches hatred of America and Jews, like Obama did?
Yes.
The USWNT and NWSL have both benefited from the funding, training and facilities of the USMNT and the MLS.

change my mind.
Props for using square brackets correctly.
So brave!
The fact that she’s playing for TEAM USA is 100% lost on that nasty woman
Is it a big news day when a losing team that doesn't want to go to the White House doesn't?
Are homeowners supposed to call themselves homegovernors now?
I just looked this up.

WTAF?

Proper pronunciation would be "Gubna" or just "Gub."
Governors are supposed to be elected lol

Such ridiculous shit
Omg seriously?! They're virtue signaling themselves into a corner. Keep going! Lol
I can see this in the future. "The Governor would like to see you in his office."
Did they really change the titles of the owners?  I know there was some scuttlebutt a few weeks back, but didnt know they actually changed it.
Credit cards are racist!
Pure cuckoldry.
Is real....?

Comparing a professional position where you have substantial power in the operation - to a brand-name credit card with no connection other than one word (that is being used is a totally different context, nothing to do with ownership or possession)

Same-Same induce the outrage!!!!!
Stop playing the Master Card
MassaCard :)
Good. Fuck them
> losing 5-2 against FC Dallas **Under**-15s academy side

Them boys were 14 and 3/4 reeee
I can't remember that far back :-(
**IT’S MA’AM!!**
She probably wants to fuck men but just goes polar opposite because "fuck men"
It was a physical game and Morgan was getting flattened repeatedly. McDonald may not have the best skill set but she ain't getting knocked on her ass like that. She's a tank. Plus her decision making is improving and she's got a killer throw in. The few minutes she's gotten so far she looked unselfish and alert.
Do not piss off the bot.
Do not piss off the bot.
Do not piss off the bot.
Yes, but he is demonstrably making gains in the demographic, and focusing on that isn't really helpful imo.
> losing ground with whites

Ya, because that will happen...
To each their own. We all support Trump here (what truly matters), and we see some things differently.
Hell, I'll show up and cook or serve. As important as it is that we celebrate success, we could all do with some humility and service to our fellow Americans from time to time.
Doesn't Concur

Concurs  <--- **THIS ONE**
Fish tacos.  And only fish tacos.
I absolutely concur.  I’ve never heard a better idea in my life for a white house event.
Aye
I just want to see the candy striper with braces again
I concur
Lol, I just had some good covfefe.
When that Polish parliamentarian gave AOC a schooling about the death camps in WWII and invited her to go visit, I almost wrote to him inviting myself to go in her place.  I would very gladly learn more about that dark time in history, as should we all, lest we repeat it.
Was it an enormous disruption when almost all of the other presidents did it?
Please clap for how stunning and brave she is
Much brave. Much stunning
The sad thing is that often what qualifies as "big news" is not the most news-worthy event of the day. Gaslighting and censorship are a real facet of the news industry.
That would be pretty cool actually. Think Ill start calling myself "guvna Militum_xristi"
I refer to myself now as Jerry The Great
Might as well since you still have to pay real estate tax otherwise the county you live in will take "your" property that you paid to own, lol.
They are simply making small steps to acclimate the populous to accept terms of the government as those who determine work relations. In a communist society the government determines what you do for work who you work for and where to live etc. What do you think they would call a line level manager? Commissar?
I am homearchon - thanks for respecting my right to self-identify.
A basketball team is people. 

A house is not people. 

Think before you type.
They are elected.  By shareholders.  The largest one being the owner.
"Just wait until your father gets home! Er, I mean the governor!"
They were simpler times....
Good point. The way we play up the wings we don’t need that striker speed that Morgan and McDonald provide. Carli Lloyd would be a good option in the middle. We will need strength Friday up top against France’s big CB they have
agree with u
They. Do. Not. Care.  They see him as a racist, and no amount of "facts and logic" will ever change that for a majority of them.
You can do this today. I'm sure there's a shelter in your city that could use some help.
[DEAR REDDIT ADMINS: IF THE_DONALD IS A PUBLISHER THEN REDDIT.COM IS AS WELL -- REMOVE THE QUARANTINE IMMEDIATELY \(long post inside\)](https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/c5unr8/dear_reddit_admins_if_the_donald_is_a_publisher/)
Obama and Bush regularly attended a public church?
Somebody get her a guac bowl!
Viscount of the Southwest Region of America, here. Thank you in advance for your praise.
I'll post up outside your house and yell "shine ya shoes guvna!" every time you leave
But he’s actually a maestro.
Tom is out to get you for that !
It’s completely crazy. That’s one tax that should definitely be done away with.
**A basketball team is a business, staffed by people.**  Like every other business.  Yet nobody is called a “small business governor” - they’re small business **owners**.

Jesus the stupid points some people try and make... sheesh.  “Herpaderp think before you type” — ya smug asshole why don’t you take your own advice?
darker times...
Man, you sure do know a lot about how a group you are not a part of thinks 🤔
ok...
You know what? Metropolitan Ministries is big around here. I'll give them a ring.
Did you not just say that Obama did above?
Here's a source that said Obama had attended 18 times in 5 years and Bush 120 in 8 years. 
http://www.msnbc.com/rachel-maddow-show/pointless-scrutiny-obamas-church-attendance
Guac is racist appropriation, you colonialist shitlord
I am the Governor of Florida! Well, at least 90'x150' of it anyways. I'll take it!
A business that is buying and trading PEOPLE...

I don't think someone buying and trading muffins is comparable.
yeah, reality is a bitch sometimes
Eating guac perpetuates the mistreatment of migrants
OMG no other business hires or contracts people!  No other contract employee seeks better contracts at other businesses!  Eureka you solved it!  You’re super smart.
oh shit don't tell Jeb!
That's not what I said. Or even close lol...

There are many industries that use contracted workers, yes. But when you start working at a law firm the termanology is totally different. 

Lawyer = join as a partner

Professional athlete = bought, traded, loaned
Why doesn't someone do this today at the hearing in congress "LIVE".
Yoooooooo

Russia interfered in the election by buying 50,000 worth of Facebook adds when the over ad buy for the election was close to 2,000,000,000!!

But Google.com manipulating search terms on the largest website in the world is no big deal.

HONK HONK
Orwellian
I tested this and it is completely accurate. Even Bing will autocomplete for Groping and Touching.
welcome to the "source of truth" database.
ENEMY OF THE STATE
To be fair, if you google Donald Trump... anything bad, like “grab” “sex” “misconduct” “rape” “inappropriate” “stormy” nothing comes up either. 

Not saying there isn’t search engine suppression, but this particular scenario doesn’t seem specific to Biden.

This was using google.com via mobile device btw
The "inappropriate" one did work for me on mobile but the other two are as the video shows.
Link to tweet

https://twitter.com/zalmanlew/status/1143684102224273410
My question is, how much fucking work is it to code the algorithm to protect "their guys"?  Can the program recognize positive and negative results, and then you just need to flag "Joe Biden" or whatever as "our guy," or do they need to code each term, like "no 'creepy' results for Joe Biden", "no 'touching' results for Joe biden."?
I do this with Donald Trump and I get similar results.

"Donald Trump ra" doesn't even suggest "racist".
Its happening before our very eyes. They're trying to rig the elections.
Same thing for Donald Trump and any other nsfw searches
Just tried to do the same thing with Donald Trump and it seems those keywords don't autocomplete either
This is fake news. It's a stated google policy to not auto-fill negative terms. It does this with anyone's name. Try a google search for donald trump + grab / inappropriate / etc and there is no autofill either. On duckduckgo there is.

&#x200B;

Let's do better this is dumb.
Now do the same for:

donald trump bankruptcy

donald trump cheat

donald trump pornstar

donald trump hush money

donald trump criminal

donald trump obstruction of justice

donald trump guilty

donald trump divorce

donald trump affair

&#x200B;

Oh...wait...it's almost like it's an algorithm that works for everyone and not just who you think it does.
Well... Google does that with everyone. There are rape allegations against Trump right now in the news, but if you type "Donald Trump rap" into Google, there are no results about rape. "Donald Trump grab" gets no results at all. This isn't about censorship of individuals or even ideologies, but because Google autocomplete is 100% clean for some weird reason. That's a form of censorship too I guess, but there's no need to suggest that it's all about protecting the Left or Joe Biden.
Now type Donald Trump
I tested this just now and it seems that the words "Inappropriate", "Touchy" "Pedo" "Creepy" etc seem to be censored, not nessicarily just censored because Joe Biden is in the same sentence.

First I did what you did "Joe Biden \_\_\_\_\_"

then I did "Donald Trump \_\_\_\_\_\_\_" (calm down T\_D I only used Donald to be sure it wouldnt pop up)

Then I did "John Podesta \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_"

&#x200B;

All of those search results with those 4 words in the blanks did not pop anything up. I think Google is a leftwing biased company but this example is false from my research.
This comment section got censored
Actually no.

Google may be biased, as Veritas video suggests, but its autocomplete blocks many negative results.

Eg “Donald Trump Grab” is completed with an organically “negative” completion on Duck Duck...but Google suppresses that frequently searched phrase... 

Not dispositive, more complicated.
Wait. Before you jump on the DDG bandwagon, consider this
https://imgur.com/a/sut29r5
You know I type these into Google:  
"Donald Trump Stormy"  
"Donald Trump Russia"  
"Donald Trump grab em"  

And no autocomplete. Yet on DuckDuckGo it says Stormy Daniels, Russia investigation, and grab em by the pussy. There's no bias if it does it for both sides, idiot.
#DuckDuckGoogleSucks!
[FOREIGN ELECTION INTEFERENCE](http://magaimg.net/img/8ajk.jpg)
The GEOTUS need to tweet this
What the fuck?!?  Apparently this community is quarantined now.
How about Reddit censorship? We are now quarantined - the first step towards removing our sub from Reddit!
Just switched my extension to DDG.  Fuck Google.  Clap for me!
is a rapist, infowars.com
Just tried this out. Was able to get to the title I put in but the stories   were more about refuting and discrediting the info. Digging deeper and came across a story where John Stewart was talking about what creepy Biden was doing back in 2015.....
Wait, there is a “top ten” list of inappropriate touching? Sad
Who doesn’t know about this already ?
Now do our president. What my Google Assistant has to say about him is disgusting
Commenting so I can pull this up quickly later as needed.
Barack Obama is \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
Google no longer autocompletes negative search terms [about individuals](https://www.blog.google/products/search/how-google-autocomplete-works-search/).

&#x200B;

You can run the same experiment on "Donald Trump Racist," "Donald Trump Idiot" or "Donald Trump Lies" and you'll see the same pattern.
For the record, it also does the same when you start typing “Donald Trump grab” or “Donald Trump rape”. We have so much other evidence of google censorship, we don’t need to push false examples.
Stopped using Google and Amazon and Facebook
I really want to ditch google and start using duckduckgo.. I just can't stand duckduckgos layout
Type in "John Podesta is a". Apparently "pedophile" isn't even considered on the list.
As soon as DuckDuckGo improves their algorithm to a high enough level, I will ditch Google as a search engine entirely. I only use them when I can't find what I want.
I don't understand, in order for the search result to be fair, according to Google, shouldn't they be shitting all over Biden due to him being a rich old white male? Or fairness only means helping dems and intersectionality is just a farce as everyone without a feminist post doctorate degree knows?
Inappropriate touching top 10, sweet fucks....
Creepy Joe.
Project Veritas should get reddit next.
"Donald Trump grab" also doesn't autocomplete in Google search.  It's not political bias - Google just doesn't autocomplete sexually suggestive searches.
Hey idiots, it's a NSFW filter. Try typing "Donald trump grab them by the pussy." You get nothing either.
Google also censors "donald trump fat", "donald trump stupid", "donald trump retarded", "donald trump evil", and "donald trump con artist".
To be fair, they filter anything negative for anybody. Try “Trump rac” for example. It won’t complete Trump racist.
Google doesn't show inappropriate results

Try "Donald trump grab"

you'd expect it would come up with, well, the comment, but it doesn't
You seem confused about how Google suggestion works. 

"The suggestions that Google offers all come from how people actually search" 

Your search results just mean that on Google's search engine, people don't look up Joe Biden touching people. [https://searchengineland.com/how-google-instant-autocomplete-suggestions-work-62592](https://searchengineland.com/how-google-instant-autocomplete-suggestions-work-62592)

&#x200B;

As for search results, Google's algorithm assigns each webpage a "rank", which is just how relevant the website is to your search: 

&#x200B;

A Web page's PageRank depends on a few factors:

* The frequency and location of keywords within the Web page: If the keyword appears only once within the body of a page, it will receive a low score for that keyword.
* How long the Web page has existed: People create new Web pages every day, and not all of them stick around for long. Google places more value on pages with an established history.
* The number of other Web pages that link to the page in question: Google looks at how many Web pages link to a particular site to determine its relevance.

[https://computer.howstuffworks.com/internet/basics/google1.htm](https://computer.howstuffworks.com/internet/basics/google1.htm)
Another one...

If you search on Melania and add the word "nude", you get tons of porn where her face is put on someone else's body, in all those raunchy porn scenes. 

Try that with Michelle Obama, and everything is super SUPER clean.
Fuck google
And this was explained in the project veritas video.  They edit the database when they are politically motivated to do so.  Removing suggested searches based off trends, means less people will search for that.  And adding searches based on things that are not trending, increases the chances of people looking that up.  It's all part of googles 2020 campaign propaganda agenda.
I'm just going to put it out there that Duck Duck Go's autocomplete feature doesn't return the same results as Google for most queries. Try it out for any politician, or person for that matter. Duck Duck Go's autocomplete feature has a wider variety and deeper results in their autocomplete.
I'm getting really sick of this shit
just got myself a new starting page, thx
The same thing happens when you Google "Donald Trump.... ". It's probably an algorithm thing that doesn't show controversial topics in auto-fill? I'm not too sure though.

Edit: to be clear I'm saying it isn't a conspiracy to silence the weird stuff Biden did, it's simply a result of an algorithm.
That's why I've been using Duckduckgo for the last 4 years.  I think someone here turned me on to it.
Go type “Donald Trump rapis” into the bar and see if google is down to complete that search.
> I'm gonna dress up as Joe Biden for Halloween and sniff some bicycle seats.

--Joe Biden
Wow, well done. Very clear example. Thanks.
The new members need to see this.
wow, had to do it myself.   


Amazing what is happening in this country.
Oh look, real collusion
Google does this with any query that is interpreted as a "name." They won't show search suggestions that evaluate to primarily negative or incriminating results.

Try searching "Donald Trump fascism" and you'll get the same behavior.

Google is a censorious authoritarian joke but it's wrong and ignorant to attack them on this one particular thing.
tbh I couldn't repdocue with ddg.
*Google Thought Police would like to know your location*
SO they are all lefty and supportive of Me Too stuff, but not when it comes to protecting little girls from a creepy guy if they like the letter after his name?
Thank You Project Veritas
To be fair, google censors anything remotely controversial, it' s not exclusive to joe biden. Try typing "cardi B rape" or "kevin spacey pedophile" or even "porn".
Damn yo 
I’d love to see this NOT censor scandalous accusations against trump in this gif. Would really illustrate not only the censorship but the double standard as well
TRY THIS OUT!

&#x200B;

\- Search "Ilhan Omar..."

&#x200B;

\- Take note of the [results](https://i.imgur.com/eGoMxKQ.png).

&#x200B;

\- Check back in a couple days.
Where can I buy DDG stock? ...
Just downloaded the duckduckgo app.  Thanks for posting this, didn't even know about them
It looks like they disabled auto-complete for certain things. If you type out your search, it will show results.
Yeah i switched all of my emails, browsers, amd search engines. I wish there was another option for smart phones. I hate apple and google.
Type in Hillary Clinton emails and NOTHING shows up. Google is the definition of Orwellian, and run by a bunch of SJW nerds who got picked on in high school.
I wonder what happens when you do “Donald Trump Cree-“or “Rape” or “sexu-“?
Love duck duck go
> Our CEO has said ”We do not bias our products to favor any political agenda.”

> a series of debunked conspiracy theories about our search results

&nbsp;

🤔
Just tried it. Can confirm accuracy.
I tried this now, fuck its true....
Someone do this for every democrat candidate and see which ones google doesn't like and who the like most
Google has made some changes to autocomplete within the last 24 hrs.  Not really related to this but interesting.

On the day the Veritas article hit, I typed "Donald Trump will " and the first thing that came up was "lose".  Now lose is completely deleted and win is in place of it.  This is an absolute change. If you type "Trump will" you will still see lose but its now the 2nd entry with win being the first.  Typing "Elizabeth Warren will" always comes up with Win though which hasn't changed since the article hit.
DDG FTW!
Virgin Google vs Chad DuckDuckGo
Didn’t Duck duck go get bought out by George Soros?  Surprised it showed those results.
Bing is the same too
Is there a link to just the video?
Is there a link to just the video?
Bacon reader is blocking the\_d and on my computer it gives me a warning and says its under quarantine
[https://joebiden.info/](https://joebiden.info/)
Pretty sure Reddit is censoring this post as it won't let me see any comments
you got a youtube link?
Be a real shame if someone at the FEC were to take an interest in this sort of activity
I just tried it on both, and i didnt show me the creepy or touch results with either? Why is it different for me?
It's called safe search options, you dumbasses.
Google filters out inappropriate results.

Your welcome.
I'm not gonna say what google is doing is good, it isn't. That dude has done some inappropriate shit and needs to be called out on it by as many people as possible. But I'm having a hard time faulting them for not letting their search engine complete the sentence with "touching little girls."
But but but it's not the government (lol) doing the censoring so it's ok!!! Censorship used to be something Americans were so very against, it's a shame to see people embrace it because political tribalism.
[https://www.theinquirer.net/inquirer/news/3072571/chrome-duckduckgo-default-search-option](https://www.theinquirer.net/inquirer/news/3072571/chrome-duckduckgo-default-search-option)

Article title: Google adds DuckDuckGo as secret default search engine option for Chrome
I hope joe biden loses so that bernie can win!
Democrats are fucking sick. 

We need to remove them as a political party, all others too. The Republican party is all we ever need anyway. 

MAGA 2020
Google has gone full retard. It's as simple as that.
That's duck duck go not google.
If you put "Donald Trump touc" you get:

* touching Ivanka
* touching women
* touching his daughter
* touchdown

&#x200B;

"Donald Trump grab" also gets the expected result. This only shows what the people search for and newspaper write.
Yeah, there's a reason why many of us younger democrats dislike Biden, this being one of them...


Also you can still search for these things on Google lmao
It works for Trump 'touching'.  Though inappropriate doesn't lead to any suggestions on my end, anyone else?  Might be a universal impounded word.
I wish there was a DUCK DUCK GO operating system for phones. Fuck google and the anti-american practices they are involved with. Need a DUCKTUBE to replace youtube while we are at it.
truth
Now do Reddit censorship...
lol youll notice when you do it to anything Google censors potentially nsfw content. It won't autofill "Donald Trump rape/rapist/rape allegation" but there are thousands of results for it
well i mean google also doesn't autofill inappropriate sentences or porn stuff and this could be considered NFSW for sure.
This IS why i use duckduckgo
The search suggestions are based on what other people have searched so wouldn't it be logical that more right wing suggestions show up on duckduckgo as a result of more right wing users?
You capitalist swine need to take this down!! This disrespecting our dear leaders Obama and Joe. Hail Google, Hail Victory.
We are fucked
These big tech companies are shooting themselves in the foot.  All this is going to due is pump up his base and most people who aren't brainwashed already.
STOP. DOING. THE. WRONG. THINK.
meme discord up, pm me for invite
It can't be bargained with. It can't be reasoned with. It doesn't feel pity, or remorse, or fear. And it absolutely will not stop, ever, until you are dead.
Send this to every single republican
Well first of all that ain't even google
google is a cesspool and has a clear feminist liberal agenda.
Weird.  Same thing happens when you try "Donald Trump Assault"
I just tried typing in "Donald Trump grab em by the" and "Donald Trump Billy Bush" and nothing came up either. Explain that one.
Donald Trump inappropriate touching doesn't appear in Google either.

EDIT: You can still search it, it just won't autocomplete.
How do I share this with subs who are unaware of this? Every left leaning or centrist sub doesn't allow it. We need people to see this Orwellian BS.
curiosity intensifies
If you do the same with Trump, nothing comes up. It's a SafeSearch mechanism that keeps sexual content from coming up.
Microsoft's Bing has the same censorship in place it looks like, although Bing didn't remove "Joe Biden groping," so I guess Microsoft just isn't as good at it.
If you do the same thing with trump the same thing happens, I would be willing to bet that google just censors nsfw results to be recommended searches no matter what.
This is obviously because of safesearch... yikes. I'm surprised this sub made it so far without being quarantined already.
Google does the exact same thing for Trump, you guys are seriously just looking for stuff to whine about, be objective
Break them up.  Arrest their leaders.  They chose this path.
Those darn algorithms. Such rascals!
"we have no knowledge of this we will run it by our team" -evil cunts
That's eeire and scary at the same time,  Google is now sheltering their molesters.
I think it’s time I switch from Google to DDG!
I tried the same searches on Duck Duck Go and they were blank as well.  


Correlation does not equal causation.
Oh shit I didn't realize it was this bad
This censorship does just apply to Biden tho, it applies to Trump as well. Search these same phrases but replace Joe Biden with Donald Trump.
[removed]
If you try this with Donald Trump the same thing happens.
Check "Seth Rich"...... scary days
Try it with "Donald Trump rape"
2019

Still using google
If you type "Donald Trump Cree" or "in-app" it does the same thing. It's wrong for both but it's not one-sided.
Somehow I am sure that they didn't do the same for our awesome President Donald Trump
Well, if you do the same thing with Donald Trump, it does the same thing. Doesn't seem to be anything to see here.
Glad I don’t use Google
I only use duckduckgo for like, almost a full year.  Don't regret a thing.
That is weird, same thing happens when substitute Joe Biden with Donald Trump...
We can't see if you have Safe Search on, they filter out that stuff. Turn it off and repost
I'm just gonna say this, if you do the same with Donald Trump Duck Duck Go has suggestions, google doesn't. I think this is just a celebrity thing.
how many people commenting here have ever even heard the word regex before?? I'm guessing it's less than 1%
Same thing happens when you type in "Donald Trump"....
Google "donald trump rap" and see what happens...
Wow.  The stupidity.

While I agree that Google can and has abused its influence by altering search results, the auto complete suggestions are not proof of this in any way.

The actual search results are.
You do realize that you can still find search results for Joe Biden's inappropriate behavior? Just press enter after typing it in... This is barely censorship. What is Google trying to achieve if they actually did this? This is just Google's automated system trying to filter out inappropriate search results, that's it. I don't know how it works exactly but this is not censorship by any means.
This, stand alone, should be Trumps 2020 campaign ad if Biden gets the democratic nomination.
It's the algorithm and we don't understand it either congressman. If we keep talking in a smug manner we hope you forget the question or think we answered.
This isnt Googles fault... Their algorithm is based on stuff that people have looked up.
In fairness, "Donald Trump rap" and "Donald Trump allegatio" doesn't show a single result for the major and trending news articles about the rape allegation against Trump. So, it is censorship, but it isn't biased. Unless Trump and Biden are suddenly on the same team as Google.
Do a search on "fascist" and Google adds "radical right-wing" in top expanded search definition.

&#x200B;

**Google:**

Fascism (/ˈfæʃɪzəm/) is a form of ***radical right-wing***, authoritarian ultranationalism characterized by dictatorial power, forcible suppression of opposition and strong regimentation of society and of the economy which came to prominence in early 20th-century Europe.

&#x200B;

**DuckDuckGo:**

fascism

* \*n.\*A system of government marked by centralization of authority under a dictator, a capitalist economy subject to stringent governmental controls, violent suppression of the opposition, and typically a policy of belligerent nationalism and racism.
Superkek
Guys, google does this for any official. They won't show anything negative for people in government. Even check Trump's name, it is the same.
And yet the Left were so offended when Trump said "grab 'em by the pussy".
It doesn't work either WITH EVERY SINGLE ONE of those words used with Trump. It took me like 5 seconds to check it.
Google does this for every single politician. They automatically censor anything that could be seen as bad from showing up in autocomplete. [The same is done towards Trump.](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/540914492524068879/593599646501306378/unknown.png)

[Oh, also, if you just press enter you'll see all the bad things about the politician.](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/540914492524068879/593600430492352513/unknown.png) This only impacts autocomplete results and you're really just looking for an excuse to say you're being censored.
Just changed my Safari default search engine from Google —> DuckDuckGo
I'm done with Google. Going to DuckDuckGo and Protonmail.
This made me lose a lot of faith in Google. I didn’t believe it so I tried it... it’s true.
It just not Google.  [Bing.com](https://Bing.com) has the same results.
Do one with Trump and it will be so fracking obvious
It's based on user searches.
[removed]
The same reason that no one will ask Mueller when he testifies "who" made the decision to withhold exculpatory evidence from Flynn before accepting Flynn's guilty plea...

It's all just a show for the consumption of the masses but nothing will actually get done.
I never knew I'd want this so badly.
I vote James O'keefe
Doubt that 90% of them even really know how Google is censoring the news. Or getting backhanders from them. 

I mean more than half of people come here use an android device. 100% owned by Google.

The sad truth is it may already be too late to stop companies like Google from bringing in a socialist age.
Probably because of heavy lobbying.
Because this isn't a partisan thing. Google no longer provides negative autocomplete terms for individuals.

&#x200B;

 You can run the same Duckduckgo/Google experiment on "Donald Trump Racist," "Donald Trump Idiot" or "Donald Trump Lies" and you'll see the same pattern.
It's so obvious it's not even funny...
That would be me on the floor of congress
Old people are that bad at computer comprehension, they don't understand the programming aspects even if you typed it in front of them.
ooohohohoho, that would be so good
Because if you type Trump rape it doesn't predict that either, it's not just Joe Biden
Because it cuts both ways. Type “Donald trump rapis” and see if it completes the search. Dems would counter too easily.
try the same with trump, and you will get the same results.
IE duck duck go adds "inappropriate with daughter" to "Trump in" with similar autocomplete to "rape", and "grab em" that this clip shows for Trump... Google doesn't do any of those expansions on searches involving Trump, same as with biden.

So while this may be a form of censorship, this doesn't show any political bias. Google isn't encouraging age inappropriate searches.
Because some person with more intelligence than you lot will stand up and do the very same with trump and gra\[b them by the pussy\]. Literally the same effect.

&#x200B;

Its censoring sexual stuff all the same, but that wouldnt fit in the victim-narrative, would it?
> But Google.com manipulating search terms on the largest website in the world is no big deal

They are just enforcing "algorithmic fairness" by hiding parts of reality that they don't think is fair. It can't be censorship if they call it fairness!
Duckduckgo is just finishing words you type. Same thing happens if do 'Donald trump creepy'
tf did you just say?

EDIT: to the dipshits downvoting, the first sentence of this makes no sense -- thus clarification needed.  
" Russia interfered in the election by buying 50,000 worth of Facebook adds when the over ad buy for the election was close to 2,000,000,000!! "
Like quarantining r/The_Donald. The free speech ban is in full swing, the Nazi bastards.
Seriously...
replace "trump" with joe and the results are the same though i n  this search... its the child protection filter... not censorship. try it for yourself before believing everything you see.
It's not being censored  

It's just not showing up in the suggested searches...

Just hit search and you get the thing. Fucking whiny babies.  

https://www.google.com/search?source=hp&ei=cMMTXbiqKML0kgXp3oHgBg&q=joe+biden+inappropriate+touching&oq=joe+biden+inappropriate+touching&gs_l=psy-ab.3...1738.8148..8258...3.0..0.104.2191.33j2......0....1..gws-wiz.....0..0j0i10.yJ70dF-t6Z0
bing works as a google replacement in many cases.  been using for months.
"Inappropriate" is the real red flag. How could there really be no organic interest in at least the appearance of Joe Biden inappropriately touching women and young girls? Even corporate lefty media has covered this, it's news by anyone's standard. But on Google there is no trace.
Are safe search options on google on? I turned mine off and it worked.
I've been using Bing for a long time because fuck google. Duckduckgo is good sometimes, depending on what you need, but it's not as complete as Bing or Google and sometimes misses some good sites.
I tested "Donald Trump Racist," "Donald Trump Idiot", "Donald Trump Nazi", "Donald Trump fascist", "Donald Trump Lies", and "Donald Trump tiny little mushroom" and Google is completely nonpartisan.
It's a mechanism to keep inappropriate content from coming up. Nothing comes up with "Trump inappropriate" and only one unrelated term with "Trump touching".
Could you check again? I seems like DuckDuck wont show it to me.
I cringed mightily when I heard “Source of Truth”.

Fucking 1984 for real.
deleted  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.1784
Good movie
[removed]
I just tested this too. It doesn’t show up anything. This is just suggestions however. Actually searching these topics brings up a myriad of articles that are relevant including 3.46 million results for “Joe Biden creepy”.

Seems like certain buzz words prevent suggestions from showing up. Maybe to protect children from searching for stuff accidentally. For example when I searched “porn” the only thing that popped up was “porn addiction side effects” and there’s some text at the bottom that says “report inappropriate predictions”.
Maybe it's the adult content filter.
Telling that everyone is ignoring this to satisfy their version of reality
This should be the top comment. How are the auto fill recommendations even in context of censorship when the content itself is completly accessible.
How can this not be higher? This kind of stuff just fuels the misinformation that is already so prevalent here.
Inappropriate worked for me the way it did in the video.  Nothing came up.  Who knows.
Thank you for the source!
Nice work zalmy
Pretty sure a lot of it is manual. They likely have a huge team of people who stay up to date on what is being discussed so they can add it to the filters.
According to the [Project Veritas insider video](https://www.projectveritas.com/video/insider-blows-whistle-exec-reveals-google-plan-to-prevent-trump-situation-in-2020-on-hidden-cam/), many Google employees were enraged that their AI treated everyone and everything equally. So, information from across the web comes in, AI processes it and creates output data for it. 

So, by its very nature, Google AI wanted to autocomplete "Joe Biden creepy" - but Google employees thought that was *not meeting their version of fairness.*

There needed to be high level discussions - and the creation of a "fairness department" - to fix Google algorithm to stop outputting "pro-conservative" terms
People at Google are so dedicated to censorship that I would imagine they just make a manual blacklist of terms. It is disgusting.
 

It's a stated google policy to not auto-fill negative terms. It does this with anyone's name. Try a google search for donald trump + grab / inappropriate / etc and there is no autofill either. On duckduckgo there is.
Not sure about their implementation, but there are many different ways to go about it, some more automated than others.

You can have a keyword list that eliminates auto completes for particular words or phrases, this list could easily be updated manually, but considering Google's reach and resources, it would be relatively trivial to have them develop a sentiment analysis model on search terms based on user history and projected sentiment.

Basically, Google has access to an individual's internet history tied to their Google account. These accounts can be classified into groups based on their history and internet use. If enough conservatives or target group users search for a particular piece of information, it can raise a flag on that search. The system then could then add that search to the list of 'bad' searches and eliminate the auto complete.

This is why you might have noticed that the auto-complete or search sensorship extends beyond just politics and interferes with unrelated or harmless topics.

Legitimately, this sounds very similar to real life projects that my friends and I used to work on for school/research. Google could probably get a bunch of PhD students who would more than happily work on it as it's an interesting topic combining multiple different ML models and methods.
what about duckduckgo?
yeah, it's the same thing for him..
Not sure why you're getting down voted. Tested google with the same examples that you provided and got the same results as you.
Don't downvote this guy, it's true.  Google is most certainly biased towards the left, and I fully believe they aim to sway the 2020 election.  Still, they do filter negative results both left and right (almost certainly more on the left), so OP's example isn't an accurate portrayal of their bias.
Not sure what to make of this. One of the search results is that he is the 46th president. Obviously he is the 45th president. I dont know what that means but I cant understand how that incorrect piece of information is searched specifically enough that it auto populates.
Yeah... there goes the lovely sidebar picture and banner. :(
Now try it with "Donald Trump." You'll get the exact same results.

This video is fake news.
Try "trump im" and it goes straight for Trump impeachment wiki. Seems fair.
Yes. This is true. This challenges us to continue to get more concrete evidence to convince the normies.
I just tried it and got the exact same results.
It won't complete for any candidate, R or D.
That's cause we are. They want to shut us down. Winning the first election was too much for them
No it doesn't.
how comes if i type in Donald trump touch it auto fills. But when i put in Joe Biden touch it will not autofill?
What? It's clearly Google, go search it up for yourself you'll find the same results
It's wrong either way. Fiddling with this is clear sign of manipulation of user searches.
[removed]
No where near the same extend but it will be heading that way soon. I have noticed the recent trend as a 5+ year bing user. These control freaks want to invest all major tech companies. Since they serve as the ultimate propagada and social conditioning platforms.
Oh OK. So nobody searches Google. Fucking Google. For Hillary Clinton emails. Do you even know what the install base is for Google Chrome? It's massive. The number 1 go to search engine is Google. Duckduck isnt even on the radar, but yet yields viable results. You just destroyed your own argument.
*loses again in 2020*
Yup google is the CIA, they ain't gonna stop, it's what the cunts said in the veritas video, congress can't stop us
That's not the right question.  The right question is "When did you know there was no Russia Collusion?"
Dude they do this to all searches. Go do the same searches with Donald Trump.
being an android owner is irrelevant. apple is no better.
Android is open source, and you can tell *Android* itself doesn't have any manipulation in it.  Google may own Android, but as long as it is open source, you can tell if there is something wrong with it.  

However, almost every stock phone that you buy is integrated with Google services, which do violate privacy and the works.  
___

Implying that Apple is the, "smart" choice for a phone is laughable in itself.

The solution is using something along the lines of LineageOS on your phone, and removing Google services.
Thanks for this. I'm checking this out. Don't want to get caught flat footed without the whole story.
Good call. I checked it out and you're right. Seems fairly reasonable to me.
Or you can try it yourself with "trump is a..." and stop being a shill.
Duckduckgo is auto completing searches that are popular...

Google is censoring auto complete.

Try it for yourself in incognito mode rube
ur mom
I said Google is interfering in an election jabroni
Don't insult Nazis please, these assholes are Communists.  Much much worse class of human being.
Look up what "free speech" means.
Not showing the search results would imply to people that there are no results or no one is searching it, discouraging people who aren't completely sure of what's going on from continuing to go further than that. But you search something about Trump's emails (which it has been proven very few people search) there are multiple results which is even contrary to when you search Hilary Clinton emails
I tried typing in comparable news-worthy and widely reported events for Donald Trump and those got censored too! "donald trump rape..." "donald trump acc...usations" "trump pee... tape" ... etc and you'll see results are truncated.   


It's true: this is a huge echo chamber where the cognitive bias is painful
lol, you're being downvoted for telling them they can simply finish typing in their google search.
Based bing has the best porn search and rewards for searching
Bing images for sure is a replacement. I’d go duck duck go but I hate the interface on my phone, I tried it for awhile
iirc DuckDuckGo gets search results from Bing but doesn't track you
Personally I feel duckduckgo seems to work better
the only way to search youtube now.
It doesn't show anything regardless of what person you search it with. It's not bias, it's just how google handles this stuff.
yeah im pretty sure this is what it is, the censorship that google would use is much more subtitle in how it presents search results not how it suggests stuff in its interface.
Ahh, well that could do it. Just a nothingburger I guess. Google still sucks.
Thanks
>Google Chinese internet restrictions

DuckDuckGo 'Google Chinese Search Engine' Firefly.

&#x200B;

You shill. Google and Chinese Censorship are one in the same.
Found the google shill. 

It isn’t us being effected, it is normies who get all their news from the Today show and NBC/CNN/WAPO/NYT.
So... because China suppresses ideas better, we shouldn't worry about the suppression of ideas currently being done by Google?

Are you sure that's the message you want to leave us?
Report newfag alt shill
Wtf I’m all for debating but “who uses a search engine for news” that’s your argument lol
Google is sfw everything until you go very specific, i.e. <pornstar_name> boobs, etc. It will censor anything it considers inappropriate by default until your results are specifically sexually suggestive enough. Earlier SafeSearch was moderate by default and you could have turned it off completely, now it's kind of a mixture of both based on prediction.

Bing rules for porn. No question about that. They'll even suggest related porn searches.
Turn SafeSearch off and it shouldn't filter adult content out of the results
that is NUTS.  and would make it super easy to subpoena and prove that they are violating section 230 of the communications decency act and strip them of immunity, right after they break them up as a monopoly
Itd likely they have some massive data base of terms not to be associated with Joe Biden etc... RightThink database.
It is easy to block what is damaging when you can see trends. 

50,000 searches for “Joe Biden creepy”?  Just block that from the algorithm.
Their system does a lot of the filtering for them already.  They can compare "trending" (per Google stats) search phrases based on keywords and manually remove anything "controversial" from the auto-complete algorithm and/or adjust the page ranking to demote a "harmful" web site in search results.  You wouldn't even need that many people to keep up with it.
Google can do Regular Expression pattern matching to kick out certain search terms. Not that hard to blacklist certain phrases. 



For the heavy lifting (google bombing) I bet they intentionally pull results from left leaning websites.  That user base can manipulate search results heavily especially with a wink and a nod from mothership Google.
I agree.  But to add on, I think they have a Censor Engine in place that they can then manually feed keywords / search terms into.  A black list or whatever.
The whole thing is pretty much a manifestation of cognitive dissonance. Reality differs so much from their estranged idea of it that they truly believe that acting as the Ministry of Truth is right thing to do.
Then why is there no "hillary clinton emails" or anything of the sort?  No "hillary clinton missing emails".  We know it's searched for because it's completed by duck.com and bing.

"emails" is not a negative word.

This is the big lie that Google hides behind, that they filter out negative words, but negative is judged by them by some AI.  Like for news, they show the AI a bunch of Huffington Post articles and tell it "good" and a bunch of Breitbart and tell it "bad" then magically any article with "Trump was right after all" in it gets memory holed as poor quality even if it's published by NYT or some left-wing outlet.

And they say 'well what can we do, it's the algorithm'.

Bullshit.  They can filter out negative words without some complicated AI that magically just so happens to also filter out left-wing scandals.
:(
You can get suggestions with "Ilhan Omar recall" as well. Not saying it's perfect but they are making an effort to not include disparaging results in autocomplete. This is a non-controversy and detracts from serious stories like the 2020 election rigging Project Veritas brings up. Downvote if you wish but I just want people to know the truth.
what results? mine (no suggestion on "joe biden c") or the one with on the image
How come?
It doesnt
That's duck duck go?

Edit: Nvm just realised it changes, good catch
It does the same for Donald on all those terms, google just has a policy to not suggest negative things.
Didn't know I had an argument, no need for the aggression thats literally how it works.
[removed]
Here is Reddit censorship, confirmed by the mods. Site Admins are deleting links to Project Veritas, then quarantining this sub because they had to delete it so many times:  
  
https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/c5t2r7/mods_confirm_reddit_site_admins_are_deleting/
[deleted]
The government collectively has not been able to make Google or Apple even pay thier taxes properly. How are they gonna stop something actually harder to enforce?
[DEAR REDDIT ADMINS: IF THE_DONALD IS A PUBLISHER THEN REDDIT.COM IS AS WELL -- REMOVE THE QUARANTINE IMMEDIATELY \(long post inside\)](https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/c5unr8/dear_reddit_admins_if_the_donald_is_a_publisher/)
It’s a bad question. 

Mueller will say “we still don’t know whether there is collusion or not”
Apple’s news app forces liberal propaganda down my throat. No matter how many times I favorite right wing news and dislike msm left sites, some new small news company I never even heard of is in my lock screen telling me how evil trump is
At least on Android I can install Evie Launcher, and then set my default search engine to Bing or DuckDuckGo. Apple gives you virtually no control over anything.
As an Android owner I've been considering moving to Apple, even though they are both terrible. It seems like Google is worse and I don't want them to have my business. If I'm wrong please tell me and I'll stay with my Android.
https://puri.sm/products/librem-5/

It has NOT been released yet, and I won't be pre-ordering, but I'm keeping an eye on it!
Actually, that's incorrect. Read their privacy policies. With Apple, you have some privacy. With Google, you have NONE.
No he's right. If you google "Donald Trump touch" the auto-complete just has results about him touching the Queen's back. Duckduckgo however has results like "touch girls", "touching his daughter" etc. Google "censors" both Trump and Biden, this post is cherrypicked data to fit a narrative.
in what language? because those words are not adjacent to each other anywhere in that drivel of a post lol

maybe re-word/edit the original?

&#x200B;

more specifically, the first sentence makes no sense.
They're both bad
I stand corrected, because they are much more like Communists. I dislike either type of totalitarianism.
Well aware of what free speech means, leftist cuck.
No, he’s being downvoted for missing the point & pretending we are too
Why best?
I've been using duckduckgo for a while now on my phone and it's pretty good. I use it for everything except basic facts that Google shows in a widget without making you click. You don't need to be all one or the other. So what if Google knows you had looked up the structure of a hydrocarbon for homework. Just use ddg for personally identifying things and political news.
Regardless what person I search with? Surely Google allows it's engine to accurately relate popular search results of other people who are widely believed to be "inappropriate".

EDIT: Tested for myself, was pleasantly surprised I didn't get any results for "donald trump inap\*". I also didn't get any recommended searches for "bill cosby inap\*". I finally got "harvey weinstein inap\*" to suggest 'inappropriate'. 

I still find it extremely hard to believe there isn't some significant quantity of people searching on Google for Biden's various inappropriate photo ops.
[removed]
They have a lot of confidence in their legal council's ability to prevent you from ever getting to discovery.
And this is describing Google's search engine technology from 20 years ago... they've gone far beyond what anyone is suggesting in this thread... much better AI and machine learning has gone into their algorithms using a database vastly larger than any human can comprehend.
I don't really have anything to disagree with there.  I mean, I'm 100% convinced of their bias, and I hope they pay a great price for their nonsense.  I'm merely pointing out that OP's example is part of a screening they do for everybody, to some degree even Trump.

Personally, I'd prefer a search engine that just gives me everything.  I've been on the internet a good while, I think I can keep myself out of trouble.
In fairness, "Donald Trump Storm" doesn't have any auto completes.

"Donald Trump" and "Stormy Daniels" aren't negative phrases themselves, but like "Hillary" and "Emails", together they generally hold a negative connotation.
I didn't downvote you. I think you make a valid point, but I don't think you're 100% correct. I think you're missing the fact that some searches are still showing up, and that there is bias in those search suggestions.
Thanks for the context, I tested it for myself and I think you're right, it's difficult to get an auto complete that disparages Trump.
Nothing would rustle my jimmies harder than you going away. I'm literally shaking at the possibility of never seeing you again. Oh and please don't make another brand new account to come here, one was pathetic enough.
You wish I was poor bud, keep up ur alt accounts not pathetic at all
For sure mate the *can* and *should* stop them, question is do they wanna take a dirt nap.

The silver or the lead, the old choice
......Removed
That'd be fine if it was all they were able to ask him.  They will destroy him with follow up questions.
My favorite is when I swipe away worthless news stories just for them to return a few hours later.
You could set your default search to DuckDuckGo on iPhones:  
Settings > Safari > Search Engine > DuckDuckGo
I have my search engine set on DuckDuckGo on all my apple devices. Phone, iPad, Computer.
If you currently have an Android, then there are a lot of options you have to rip google services from it. Look into some privacy oriented subreddits, and I'm sure you'll find guides on how to put LineageOS or say CopperHeadOS onto your Android, which is a good start in the right direction. 

I would love to link to a sub, but the quarantine makes that a no bueno.
Both are terrible, and it is impossible to know what Apple is doing given that their code is proprietary, but at least we know that targeted advertising is not their core business model. They simply don't have the same incentive to harvest all your data that Google does.

I'm watching the [Librem 5](https://puri.sm/products/librem-5/), partly because I love Linux and hackable devices, and partly because I could care less about most apps since I prefer to interact with third party companies over the web instead of giving their apps access to my systems. Until a good free software phone gets released ([pine64](https://www.pine64.org/pinephone/) is another to watch), I'm using an iPhone and have no complaints. (well, except their overpriced, crappy headphone dongles and their high-quality-but-dont-fit-in-my-ear headphones)
do what you want, idgaf. why would you expect or listen to a random redditor's opinion on why you should\\should not keep a phone? that's stupid.

&#x200B;

do your own research, or fearfully run to another manufacturer. either way, you already stated "...they are both terrible". so clearly you have already made your decision.  


you base it all on baseless claims and assumptions, no logic, mr\\mrs\\miss emotional :)
>If I'm wrong please tell me

Put in some fucking effort. Read, research, draw your own conclusions.
ah yes i recall there being another device out that similarly touted privacy as its primary purpose. not sure if it ever came to fruition or if it was vaporware

EDIT: i think it was the blackphone
wrong. you aren't even safe with them when it comes to encryption.
Maybe this image will help clear up the problem for you...

When you type Joe Biden Tou... Into Google like in the video, Joe Biden Tour autocompletes. No sign of Joe Biden Touching, right??

[Then how does Google trends return this result? ](https://i.imgur.com/a7hKbah.png)

Duck duck go is not the issue here it's Google...


[Joe Biden tou](https://i.imgur.com/LTY73yi.png)

[All the people are searching Joe Biden Tour 2019! Trust us we swear! ](https://i.imgur.com/hpgMTta.png)
You're on TD my dude, logic doesn't fly here.
How not?
[removed]
So what are you complaining about? 

Also, have you tried posting fewer insults? That might make you look more intelligent. People might even think you read a book.
Well, not OP, but in my opinion, Bing just has better, more accurate searches than Google.

If you search a specific topic on Google, you'll get a ton of crap that you aren't looking for, whereas Bing is just more... reliable.
>I still find it extremely hard to believe there isn't some significant quantity of people searching on Google for Biden's various inappropriate photo ops.

It's not that there aren't, it's that for whatever reason, google doesn't autofill searches with "inappropriate", "creepy", etc in them. Same with "porn", "sex", etc. Regradless of whether google manipulates results for a political bias, this is a completely unrelated thing.
Your comment was automatically removed because you directly linked to an outside subreddit or other user. This rule was put in place by Reddit admins because they don't want our users "interfering" in other communities.  Moderators will review for approval

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/The_Donald) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Or it's just their general policy, go do the same test with Donald Trump nothing happens. You guys are getting your panties in bunch.
Hogwash, I am a 30 year software developer and written some of these exact type of search algorithms. The most direct approach to a problem is usually the quickest and best approach. Simple word matching and filtering is all that is required. It's not that they don't have some sophisticated crawler technology which they do but everyone talks like they have the next skynet or something which is hocus pocus bullshit.
How is that in fairness?

Stormy Daniel**s** has been completely memory holed by Google autocomplete - the only autocompletes are for "Stormy Daniel", misspelling her stage name.  Her entire persona is negative?

Probably because of her scumbag lawyer Avenatti being arrested for extortion and fraud, or maybe because she was ordered to pay Trump more in fines for a baseless lawsuit than she was paid in hush money.  At this point the story is a negative one *for the left*.

This was either manually done or the AI is picking up on her now being a pariah in left-wing media.  But in either case, it's only negative if you have some political agenda.  There's nothing objectively negative about the subject or the person existing, or people reading news about them.
[\(REPOST BECAUSE LAST ONE GOT SHADOWBANNED\) Dear Reddit Admins: You're in hot legal water! By saying The_Donald is a publisher you are declaring yourselves to be a publisher as well!!!](https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/c5uvyd/repost_because_last_one_got_shadowbanned_dear/?)
https://imgur.com/a/63yF0fE

WTF!!!
tbh the search engine used is the least of the concerns for any mobile device. a lot of the concerns is also OS agnostic and more  of an issue with the apps.
I use [startpage.com](https://startpage.com) now.  Used DuckDuckGo but saw something about them tracking too.
Names for these subs? I'd be interested
You could give a name with no link though. Like this

r the\_donald
Or maybe provide advice.

Even from an anonymous source such as yourself, an idea that hadn't been considered could be presented.
The Black Phone or something like that IIRC. As I said, don't preorder, but keep an eye out! :)
[https://e.foundation/about-e/](https://e.foundation/about-e/)
I just did the same thing with Trump on Google and got the same results, Google does it to both.
This is because Google censors all explicit search results. It does the exact same thing with Donald Trump, or anyone else for that matter. For example, typing in "Donald Trump ra" into Google autocompletes with "Donald Trump Raptors", yet "Donald Trump Rape" is trending far more than the former. In fact, "Donald Trump Raptors" only has significant trending in California, every other state is searching rape, yet Google does not display this result. Now is this evidence that Google is censoring itself in favour of Trump? Of course not, and similarly the Joe Biden one is NOT evidence of "leftist" censorship, it is a rule that Google applies equally to all parties.
[Explain this image and the counter result when using auto complete... ](https://i.imgur.com/afBFGuV.png)
And you're saying other subs don't ban people who disagree with their views? Because I'm pretty sure they do regularly. So drop your hypocrisy.
I would be willing to bet that I've read many more books than you have. Not that it matters, however; the quality of the books is much more important than the quantity. Have you ever thought about going to another sub where you fit in ideologically instead of haunting one you despise? Unless David Brock is paying you to shill here, which is likely.
Have you tried making an actual point rather than criticizing vocabulary?

If you're not going to even attempt to form a discussion, then you're just here to pick on people to make yourself feel better.  Please point to any *evidence* you have that this subreddit is deserving of a ban.
>It's not that there aren't, it's that for whatever reason, google doesn't autofill searches with "inappropriate"

"harvey weinstein inap\*" does return "harvey weinstein inappropriate" though.
Would "Donald Trump Tax Returns" vs "Hillary Clinton's Emails" be a fair comparison in search terms? Because Autocomplete has no problem pointing me toward Donald Trump Tax Return articles but wants no part of search terms for Hillary Clinton's Emails.
General policy huh

http://magaimg.net/img/8axp.png
on, no, no.  It's the magical Google AI running on their quantum supercomputers (that also don't exist).

They are using a distributed full-text index and they spend most of their time layering variable business rules on top of it to tweak ranking to boost their profitability.  Then they sell that to webdevelopers as "SEO" and "quality" and get them to work toward Google profitability for free.
Gone again
removed
This website is appalling.
>a lot of the concerns is also OS

That's why I refuse to use Android.  Imo if you want privacy, go with iOS
yeah [startpage.com](https://startpage.com) is another good one. i think that's what i have set in my Brave browser app.
The critical thing is not only [LineageOS](https://lineageos.org/) but replacing Google's APIs with the open-source replacement called [MicroG](https://microg.org/). There is one option where [they are bundled together](https://lineage.microg.org/) which I have used, but I have to warn you ahead of time that because MicroG is a reimplementation of what is basically secret/hidden Google specific stuff, it's not perfect. It works surprisingly well though, and I preferred it while I was on Android just to get some peace of mind. (it will also improve your battery life) Google is so twisted these days that I don't want anything to do with them.

You can go here to the [LineageOS download section](https://download.lineageos.org/) and check the left-hand menu to see if your device is supported.
Linux phones!  I use [Ubuntu touch](https://ubuntu-touch.io)!  With libertine and anbox both installed, the few android apps that I can't live without work dandy - and "normal phone stuff" like GPS works with OpenGPS natively on Ubuntu touch already.  The [Librem 5](https://puri.sm/products/librem-5/) and [PinePhone](https://www.pine64.org/pinephone/) are both coming out soon!  You can also flash your phone with a custom ROM from xda-developers that's more privacy oriented that uses things like [Open G Apps](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/D98ROvUWsAAq2t8.png)!  There are options!
Toward what?
yep, that one
[Yes... ](https://i.imgur.com/tpdvPZe.png)
Joe Biden touching is not explicit.
Okay, now explain these results: [Google](https://imgur.com/7qsAKyR) versus [Duckduckgo](https://imgur.com/Tx5Nwlt). You see, Google censors all explicit results. Duckduckgo does not. This happens whether you search a Democrat or a Republican. There is no conspiracy here.
Honestly I’m just surprised I’m not instantly banned from TD. Mods must be on their best behaviour since the quarantine.
My brain is many more times bigger than yours!
Yes, Thriller is a song people like to look up....
^^ this guy get's it. Their distributed infrastructure and the scale at which they operate is interesting. The actual search and results not so much. grep -v "creepy joe touches little girls" is not interesting technology.
LOL ignorance at its finest. you are the leftists eating up MSM media with respect to Apple's marketing.  


also, you misquoted me and left out the entire second half of that sentence.
Toward anything. In this case toward what your opinion is on these phones.

It's no big deal. Just sharing an opinion, myself.
It leads to explicit results. This is the same reason why Google won't autocomplete "porn". Not to mention that this happens if you google "Donald Trump Touching". Here, I'll even do it for you: [Donald Trump on Google](https://imgur.com/Zsuxk2B) and [Donald Trump on Duckduckgo](https://imgur.com/rMAKanN). As you can see, the results on Google are very SFW non-explicit results. The results on DDG however, are largely about inappropriate behavior. Here is clear evidence that Google applies to filter to Trump and Biden without bias.
So explain how the words "Joe Biden Touching" are explicit...
Hi, welcome to The Donald. We were quarantined because we were spreading the video evidence of foreign nationals inside Google conspiring to influence the American election in 2020, not because of any calls to violence. Proportionally, we are far less prone to calls for violence than both politics and chapotraphouse.
Don't worry you'll get banned from other sub reddits for posting here. Also youre not bashing trump lol. This is a trump rally my friend! You're more than welcome to join!
More bigger? Really?
>you are the leftists

Bruh check my post history, I'm a Trump-supporter.

And if you want a safe smartphone, the best phone you could get is an iPhone.  They are more privacy and security-oriented than Google's Android.  Google is literally the largest advertiser in the world.  Apple, on the other hand, refused to unlock an iPhone for the government after San Bernardino.  Same applies to the respective apps on each phone.  Apple's App Store is much more strict on what type of apps are allowed (of course, using apps like Google or Facebook pretty much get rid of your privacy, but still)
Which phones? It greatly depends on what your concerns are and with which devices.

&#x200B;

All devices are susceptible to interception to some degree; the best course of action to incorporate encryption at all levels possible and to abstain from services that each individual can feasibly abstain from using to ensure privacy. Beyond that, it's quite limited on what an individual can do.  


If you have a more specific question i can address it but you are being rather vague.
First, I have shown that this happens to "Donald Trump Touching" as well. Second, they lead to explicit results. "Donald Trump grabbing" is not in of itself explicit either, but because that search leads to things like "grab them by the pussy" Google doesn't return any suggestions when you type that in. Duckduckgo does.
You're also known for immediately banning people who question any Trump policy, vote brigading, spreading conspiracy theories and personally attacking people... don't try and act like a nice normal community just because the light is on you now.
It's vague because it was a general suggestion on providing a suggestion in addition to saying "do your own research".

All good.
You realize your implying Joe Biden Touching little girls will return explicit results, right? 


So how about Joe Biden Cspan? Certainly that can not be considered explicit?!

["Joe Biden Cspan" ](https://i.imgur.com/rZJzmgb.png)

["Donald Trump Cspan" ](https://i.imgur.com/zBIAted.png)

[Trend results... ](https://i.imgur.com/WsEunfJ.png)
It's a Trump rally. Those are all against the rules here, and none of those rules are against the admin rules- so stop being such an insipid bootlicker, celebrating this blatant political censorship.
and i gave you an example, and hence why i also said if you want something specific, be more specific, because you left it up to me to to determine what you were interested in.  


i don't need to do research, this is literally my field lol. if you are to interview someone you don't tell the interviewee to "do their own research" and to lead the interview with their own assumed bullet points, that makes no sense.
Oh. That's the confusion.

I'm not the one asking for help with the phone. I simply replied to your statement about "do your own research".

I really don't care about the phone topic, specifically. It was your response to which I was commenting.
no, i know what you were trying to say, you were trying to tell me to go back to the drawing board like i was ignorant; you were in fact wrong. i don't need to go back anywhere lol
Nothing close to that, pede.


Let's just drop it and be cool.
Funny how Yang and Navarro are making a total mockery out of the 3 year witch hunt.  Sort of like they are admitting it was all a hoax from the beginning.
Damn you Putin!
Actual Manchurian Candidate.
Yang’s policies would kill us all, but Damn it, i like him as a guy.
Isn't he the "they're going to put Asians in camps" guy?
Yup, I merely mean he is also an entertaining human, most politicians are no longer human, but empty vessels. Doesn’t make yang a good arbiter.
he's also the "universal basic income can totally work guys inflation isn't a thing vote for me for free money" guy
LOL. Who does he think he is, the Finance minister of South Africa?
Good idea. We should make sure Tom Fitting and Sara Carter are aware

Spez: Fitton. Damn spell correct
Quarantining the only subreddit dedicated to the president of the United States of America.

Not smart.
Should we send emails to the White House or something? I’m an older pede and not smart enough to know how to reach out to people who can call this ridiculous bs out.  Follow up:  thanks for the email link and I sent one to our President.  😊😊
They timed this well. Tucker, Hannity, Ingraham et al will be covering the clown debate and G20 summit for days. This quarantining won't get any airtime on Fox. I'm hoping OAN picks it up though.
Come on Cruz!
We'll just have to spread the gospel outside of here too
We have some debates tonight to tend to. This is a distraction.
Yes Cruz and everyone talk good but nothing ever becomes of it :(
Ted Cruz just gets the sound bites, then does nothing
I also sent a msg to Breitbart concerning this.
Here is the link to submit a request to Fox News

https://help.foxnews.com/hc/en-us/requests/new
This is  a great move.
C'mon bearded Ted Cruz. Show them what you got!
<3 Thank You Thank You THANK YOU <3 

Bring on Lion Ted!
These congressional hearing about tech censorship are a complete joke and waste of time. While I appreciate people like Cruz and a few others grilling some of these people it ultimately leads to nowhere. Big tech literally looks at these hearings like a damn joke. What we need is investigations and grand juries.
This is going to be epic.  The shit will hit the fan , not only for Reddit but for all silicon valley.
Tom is one of us, he's prob already aware
Tom is aware. He made a post here maybe an hour ago during the quarantine.
No, they’re not.
Depends on whether or not anything happens because of it
I'm pretty sure there are dozens of subs about the Main Man Trump, only they're all sad and negative cuz he's living rent free in their heads and they can't stand the winning
yes, click the link and fill out the form. It only takes a few minutes.

https://www.whitehouse.gov/contact/
You're plenty smart enough! Dont let technology stand in your way. 
Write a good old fashioned letter. Send it to your senator, your governor, the president. Anyone you think will listen. Nobody takes the time to write a letter anymore so thet are usually appreciated
Absolutely. Im sure GEOTUS would like to know this is happening.
Yes, yes you should. Not only should you email, you should call.

[Contact your senators here](https://www.senate.gov/senators/contact)

[Contact your house rep here](https://www.house.gov/representatives)
They're already aware, JR retweeted a Psobiec tweet about it.
Fox wouldn't report it anyway. That's why I sent it to Breitbart.
I’ve been thinking of how the persecution led to the growth of the church....
but but didnt you see the video of (insert name here)) being destroyed
[removed]
Reddit isn't a government site so they're not subject to FOIA laws. JW focuses primarily on FOIA.
Figured he'd be busy watching the watchers! :)
Figured, thank you:)
If they were, they wouldn't have to resort to dirty tricks. The DNC is the Dick Dastardly of politics.
Can canadians complain with you? I'm a proud T_D member and don't appreciate being quarantined
Just emailed the White House and messaged the President on Instagram.
My senators are so-so.

My governor sucks. 

I can't email representatives who don't rep my district.

The representative for my district is a commie.

But you're right -- a letter would be a good idea. Gets past the digital gatekeepers. 

Time to go old school!
Can you link it, at work and browsing tweets take forever.
Tucker would get to it in a couple of days normally... Bongino might mention it during a segment, maybe Trish Regan, or Gutfield too.
X never does anything. I, on the other hand, post on reddit. I am saving America.
He's tired of words, as many of us are.
Tom Fitton himself has had one of his posts on T_D removed by admins before, and he made it well known.

This will not fail to pique his interest even if it is currently outside of JW's scope.

spez: 

https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/c5vuoj/fitton_intimidation_by_left_wont_work_will_keep/
If they were smart, they would be one of us.
This sentence really makes me stop and think about the times we live in. Imagine this sentence 25 years ago.
What do you want them to do? Regulate a business?
I think this will work:

https://twitter.com/Surabees/status/1143955592899387393

Hmm. He retweeted this tweet. I'm not sure if it's indicating that.
@DonaldJTrumpJr retweeted this:

https://twitter.com/JackPosobiec/status/1143938593590775808
First They Came For Milo, I did Nothing.

 Then they Came for Alex Jones, I Did Nothing.

 When They Came For Veritas, I Did Nothing...

&#x200B;

YOU ARE HERE....
Loading screen forever.  I like my job, but fuck me if I download more than text.
He retweeted at least 4 tweets about T_D. I couldn't get a link to show it. Every time I clicked in one, it brought me to the original tweeter.
I got to dinally see it before I left work in the parking lot.  Excellent.   Shame I work in a giant steel building that literally slaughters wireless service
REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
so peaceful
Wait, this could be good, hear me out. One of you fine memepedes needs to use the Trump sun with the Teletubbies that have dem canidate faces.
This image of a cis white family is so racist and heteronormative it is committing actual genocide against the LGBTQRSTUV♤♧+ community. It is the moment depicted the colonizers forcing civilization upon the virgin earth. Reported to admins, reeeeeeee.
GEOTUS always starts his day with two scoops of raisins.
Hello new phone background!
PUT A NSFL TAG FFS!! REEEEEEE!
I must say I was number 13,783!  Now it's 755,125 +
They are so frightened of us.
Does PJW mention Reddit’s Chinese owners?

Also, link me your sauce!
It's like he had this article already written cause he knew exactly what they were going to do.
Streisand effect. The more they try to shut us down, the more people will pay attention to us.
Relevant:

>  *February 7, 2019 4:30 PM EST*  
>  
>What happens when the front page of the internet is funded by the company that made the Great Firewall in China?  
>  
>Reddit, the internet forum for communities, posts, and news, is currently fundraising to keep itself afloat, with a $300 million goal. Half of that goal has already been met, thanks to a massive investment of $150 million from Chinese censorship company [Tencent](https://gizmodo.com/reddit-banned-in-china-is-reportedly-set-to-land-150-1832375439). ***The company is in charge of blocking, blacklisting and preventing internet access to certain groups, sites, and information in China. Ironically, Tencent is responsible for the banning of Reddit in China.***

 [https://www.newsbusters.org/blogs/techwatch/corinne-weaver/2019/02/07/chinese-censorship-company-invests-millions-reddit](https://www.newsbusters.org/blogs/techwatch/corinne-weaver/2019/02/07/chinese-censorship-company-invests-millions-reddit) 

&#x200B;

Foreign election meddling.

Change my mind.
Is Reddit then admitting that it's responsible for all content on its platform, ie, being a publisher, if we are somehow as a sub are responsible for something someone else may have said? Hmm interesting admission Reddit........
They asked if I was sure I want to continue 4 times.
No worries. They are stopping the Russians! No need to worry about the Chinese that just bought Reddit.
But they have POSITIONS OF POWER!
I wonder if Antifa is gonna dox the lispy queer?
Activist, not journalist. Or at least put journalist in quotes.
This needs to hit Tucker, Hannity, Rush spread it far and wide !  

Really hoping to wake up to a Trump tweet regarding this tomorrow.
More like 7million+, homie.
They’re literally shaking.
I might have to message it, I tried literally six times before having to take a screenshot for it to show up.
Kinda like the Roger Stone raid? It's almost like there is collusion of some kind going on here.
If something is a pattern, it is easy to recognize.
Alas, I only have one upvote to give you.
It's trying to claim to be both so it can have it's cake and eat it too.

But if they will censor/Ban Subreddits as a publisher, which you cannot do as a platform, then all they are doing is opening themselves up for legal ramifications.
Can they even?
can you message it to me as well?
They cannot. 

In fact, they cannot even begin to even.
Absolutely!
Thanks!
That was the wrong link, the one you sent was about Wayfair not the Quarantine.
My fault, I didn't look at the post and thought this was about something else I posted.

I'll fix that.
No worries, thanks again.
Brownie points for posting from BitChute.
Oh lord.  I just played this out in my head...

Lefties:  What?  How can stifling content rig the election?

Us:  Okay, then we'll break up Google.

Lefties:  REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
And they're going to continue to get away with it unless our feckless government grows a spine and finally enforces laws that are already on the books.
"i won the election and spent half the money."

how would anyone think that he would be unable to make the country money?

James, be vigilant, stay strong, and keep your head on a swivel.
CommieTube is persona non grata
Can the mods block authoritarian-tube?
I don't really see how breaking it up will help
[So is Vimeo](https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/c5x141/vimeo_takes_down_project_veritas_google_video_for/)
https://gohmert.house.gov/uploadedfiles/google.mp4

There's the backup. They would be hard pressed to make this one disappear too.

Love me some BitChute though!
Gennai told us. The little companies left behind won’t have the collective power enough to stop Trump in 2020.
I feel like there's a 'breaking it up' component that is required.. but also a 'wipeout the shareholders', 'jail the participants in election meddling - all of them.. every single employee that ever contributed to election-meddling censorship' component, 'seize assets', and 'freeze assets' component.. All of these could happen if current law in the US is actually applied..
Bingo!
It's just a bunch of people ending their own presidential runs at this point
How about we eliminate the democratic stranglehold on these large, crime ridden cities. 
Shitcago, 100 years under the democratic leadership. Gun violence is number 1.
This should be grounds for charges of treason, they're openly discussing violating our constitutional rights!
Boring
lol "confiscation"
Anyone voting third party at this point is an utter maroon. Don't half-ass anything this time around, pick a side and let's do this.
I support 2A and I'm not in favor of gun confiscation, but if it was enacted by a new amendment it wouldn't be a violation of constitutional rights. Last week Trump voiced support for a GOP bill proposing an amendment banning flag burning. Arresting someone for burning a flag is a violation of the first amendment, but making a new amendment that negates portions of the old one is fine and has happened throughout history. I'm against both, and think 1A and 2A are pretty good as is.
If the discussion is about a constitutional amendment then they are free to do so. If they are trying to do it any other way then it is unconstitutional to do so but the first amendment allows them to talk about it regardless.
agree

I didn't make it all the way thru

what gross people
It's a hard pill to swallow. We acknowledge that these are God-given rights.
Glad to see OANN getting some love. Jack Posobiec is a fellow pede. More often than not Faux News has left me disappointed in what they choose to cover.
We are the distraction from the Google Story.
I think they meant 761k users...  just saying...
~~750,000~~

#7 GORILLION
Fox won't touch this.
>  Jack Posobiec is a fellow pede. 

This is most likely the reason.
Fox was rigged from the start
https://www.marketwatch.com/story/facebook-google-parent-alphabet-stocks-turn-down-after-trump-says-government-might-sue-2019-06-26
controlled opposition
hahaha it's sad, but it seems like this is happening irl. wow
We already basically did from the people who used the tagger bot extension. Now we've officially got a yellow star of ~~reddit~~ Donald.
Proud to wear the star.
wait, free discussion is Quarantined? Can't we all decide what is decent ideas and what will loose the debate of ideas? Why do we need "overlords" to filter what we debate. Let the free market of ideas win or die in the arena. Am I asking too much of the 1st A?
[Too late](http://magaimg.net/img/8b4d.png)
Stripped pajamas, anyone?
I like it. How to we add this flair? I will wear it in every subreddit.
Reddit are you a Publisher or a Platform?
they already ban us in their reddits just for posting here :(
[removed]
Will wear with pride
Hmm i can't quite put my finger on it but this reminds me of something
Banned from public speech in the largest venues

Banned from commerce (banks banning right wing people)

Restaurants putting up signs saying no Trump supporters

Schools banning conservatives from attending

the list goes on...

yep, cycle repeats.
Yup we've been getting tagged for a few years now, these retards with there mass tagger avting like nazis this whole time.
Same as their silicon 'Comrades'

https://gohmert.house.gov/uploadedfiles/google.mp4
They admitted I hurt their fee fees and even though others broke the rules, only I was banned because I'm from t_d and anything that contradicts their thinking is a fake term they call hate speech. It was a glorious salt mining day.
Hey if anyone can tell me the upvotes of that thread I would appreciate it. It was at like 962 before I was banned from even viewing the community. Thanks!
How can they debate if they aren't speaking the same language? So confusing
Hahahaha Even the idiotic Booker had a moment of clarity in the face of that nonsense. For just the smallest moment he was like "Wow, we are definitely reaching new levels of retarded, but we're too deep in it now to step back out."
We will never know if he actually answered the question
That will really resonate with Americans.
Warren got that look like she's thinking "I'll show him, I'll start speaking Cherokee".
Wtf was he even saying.
I'm not watching but that's pure gold.  The pandering tonight must be unreal.
*** Did you mean Robert Francis O'Rourke? ***

This has been a human standing in for the now retired Beto Bot Beep Bop Boop.

https://gohmert.house.gov/uploadedfiles/google.mp4
"oh no he's pandering harder than me, my black boy points won't be enough"
Gaelic can be hard to understand.
I cringed out of my chair.
I think Booker was pissed that Bob O'Rourke beat him to it to be honest.
This is prime meme material!!
I don't get it.  Who in the world could possibly be fooled by this guy?  If they're dumb enough to think he's in any way shape or form Latino they don't have the intelligence required to vote.
🤡 world
Phony straight guy, phony Indian, phony Mexican, wow, typical.  President Trump 2020! 🇺🇸
HAHAHAHAHAHA
And Fauxahontis is like...."idiot, reparations aren't going to them"
They all agreed not to and Beta didn’t stick to the deal LOL
Did the two of them just duke it out in Spanish?
Mr. Potato Head: Spanish? DAMN! I told my handlers there would be no Spanish so no need to practice the prepare three lines they worked on.
It's not a debate. It's a circus for the clowns to get their corporate-approved soundbites out to feed their mindless followers.

🤡🌎
Booker looks like he's thinking: fuck why didn't I do that?!?! And Warren is like psssh I'm going to do smoke signals the next debate
Or "Are we the baddies?" look
Beto definitely went full tard; you know what they say...
Out of them all, Booker was easily the most uninspired,laziest, "stand-for-nothing" guy on stage.  Naturally, he'd be the best Dem for the nation if one had to win I guess.
Before Booker tried it himself lol
3 tacos and a coke
cut my lawn brownface
I had to turn it. It was the worst pandering I've seen in a handful of elections. Promising Illegals this and that, everyone gets an electric shaver to drive, wind turbines everywhere, more social programs, women supposedly not getting paid as much as men which has been proven false- so Castro proposes the get paid more equal somehow, trans sexual freedom rights to abortion bc men can have babies now they say. I couldn't anymore.
Good job HumanBetoBot!!!
Great video too..
LOL
I meant that Booker thought that he had dropped the ball by not starting off in Spanish. Trying to Tweet, post to the dom & watch the clowns at the same time.
It's literally an alternate reality debate. It was a total joke.

I watched about an hour before I couldn't take it anymore. I imagine most Americans who could even give a shit gave it that much time. 

They were speaking Spanish, talking about absolving the border, giving all of our money to Honduras. It was a total clown show. 

I will give props to Clobachar or whatever her name is. She was the only one who seemed like an actual American that we could work with to make the country great. The rest of them were literally insane. 

De Blasio is a nutcase, jesus Christ.
But don’t you know De Blasio has a BLACK SON!!! (How many minority points do you get for having a black son?)
##**BASED KEVIN IS ONE OF US**
In a time when you find out all your favourite actors are Satanic nutjobs, it's really fucking awesome to have something of a childhood hero actually be a decent fucking guy.

We love ya, Herc! Keep fighting!
I am NOT disapPOINTEEEEED
Hercules Hercules Hercules (Eddie Murphy voice)
Kevin Sorbo, shitposting memelord and american justice warrior, will lead T_D valiantly across the threshold of 2020 victory.

 https://imgur.com/6sLKPwn.jpg
Hercules is a Pede...

HOLY FUCKING WHAT TIMELINE IS THIS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!?!
Man, I love Kevin Sorbo. Thing is, I never watched a single thing in his filmography aside from maybe a half dozen episodes of Hercules when it was in first-run syndication in the 90's, and maybe another half dozen episodes of Andromeda when it was in first-run syndication after that. I will definitely support his work now, though. Can any Kevin Sorbo fans here recommend some of his "must watch" films?
Awesome!
He is a Lurker!
Hercules, Hercules!
Based Dylan Hunt
This is uplifting. Thank you, Mr. Sorbo.
AWESOME!  We have the best celebrities on our side.
#OUR GUY! “Don’t let your memes be dreams!”
This timeline continues to blow my mind. Thanks Kevin!
Wait is u/gabillions Kevin Sorbo? He says it in the video
Kevin Sorbo is amazing. Thank you for the uplifting message. Trump 2020🇺🇲
#WE WERE BORN READY, WITH MEMES IN HAND AND SUITS OF GOLDEN ARMOR!
Best Hercules
BASED HERCULES 
WE LOVE YOU KEVIN
Awesome! Standing up mostly alone against the liberal Hollywood nuts takes a bit of courage.
Nice work gabillions, getting Kevin Sorbo to do a Cameo for us all to enjoy. You could have just ordered one for yourself... But you thought of your fellow pedes. Legend!
Can I just take a moment to revel in the fact that Hercules just gave us a shout out?!
This is the story of a time long ago, a time of myth and legend, when the ancient SOCIAL MEDIA PLATFORMSs were petty and cruel, and they plagued mankind with suffering. Only one man dared to challenge their power: KEVIN SORBO!

Mr. Sorbo possessed a strength the world had never seen, a strength surpassed only by the power of his heart. He journeyed the Earth, battling the minions of THE WICKED DEMOCRATS .

But wherever there was evil, whenever an innocent would suffer, there would be KEVIN SORBO!"
Wait is gabillions Kevin Sorbo?
THIS IS AMAAAAAAAZIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIING!!!!!!
I salute you good sir!
Glad to have you with us, Kevin. Thanks, bud
Let him know T_D has just been censored through quarantine.
Sorbo 2024?
So damn cool.. Thank you Kevin!!
**HERCULES! HERCULES! HERCULES!**
I saw your last movie about family and Christ - amazing 😘🙏
KULL THE CONQUEROR!
Hercules joins /r/The_Donald for truth and justice.

&#x200B;

**Immediate Quarantine.**

# WINNING!
Christian Hercules is the best Hercules.
Nice to hear from you, Christian Hercules!  We at the The\_Donald love you, brother!
My new favorite actor.
Sticky this!
Oh, noes.  He said 'kill'em ...with kindness.  Must be a call to violence under these new restrictions.
Gona be hard with every platform censored
\[Not\] DISSSAPOINTED!!!!
Anybody that has twitter start tweeting to people like Kevin and others who have some reach to let ppl know what’s happening to the Donald! Fuck censorship!!
What a fucking beauty. Didn't know he was like that tbh. Seems like a really good dude
God Bless based Captain Hunt/Hercules
And remember, you’re a World Champion.
No one else finds it ironic we have both Hercules and Hades on our side?
Best herc
All the hate doesn't bring them joy! Hilarious.
Need some Hercules and Andromeda memes in honor of this pede!!
Damn, now I'm going to go binge watch all of Hercules.
Im gonna watch me some Hercules today!
Breaking news - USS Andromeda is commissioned as the first of the Fleet for the US Space Force to defend Trump Tower on Mars against asteroid communists. 🚀
HERCULES!
holy crap Gabillions, I seen your "booking" post the other day and was like, "what's this?" and "aint no way Kevin Sorbo will work for $50....   (I think that was the amount) anyways CONGRATS! and THANKS!
“Kill ‘em with kindness and kill ‘em with the truth.”

Well said, Herc.
He is still so handsome :) MAGA
#I LOVE YOU HERCULES!!! 

(no homo)
Hes dreamy
Literally GABILLIONS of us.
H E R C U L E S
The Left aint gonna win this war, We have Hercules!
<3
This makes me very happy. We are blessed to have Hercules on our side.
After today... This is war!
CNN: "Kevin Sorbo calls for death of political opponents... Uses word 'kill'..."
Does he know if the quarantine??
God bless Kevin.....Hercules!  And God bless our President and all the pedes here at The Donald!
FELLAS THIS MADE MY DAY HERCULES HERCULES!!!
LOOOOOOOL
This man needs a coat
Such a smart guy. I’m so glad I’m on the funny side
This right here is the real motive behind the quarantine.
Hercules just told me don't let my memes be dreams... best timeline folks.
As for me I wont give up easy. This subreddit has brought many people together and I am proud to be one. Its woth a shot to get this quarantine garbage out to people that have a voice. Don Jr,Tucker,Rush anyone that cant hit the airwaves.
LOL, just went to give this silver (I had 100 points from receiving gold) and it said "Gilding not allowed in this subreddit".

So yeah, how is this gilded already and why would reddit shoot itself in the foot?
No lie that was pretty damn motivating.. after a crappy day that really boosted my day. Take the memes part out it could work as a boost for anything. Guy needs to try motivational speaking or something.
HERCULES TELLS US TO PREPARE FOR THE MEME WAR!
I shall prepare for the meme war.
based demi god
I don't idolize celebrities at all but this guy is a person of good character and is a good role model.
No wonder I haven't seen him lately, must be blacklisted.
Sweet!
"We've got whole armies of pedophile directors and corrupt politicians!"

"We've got a Herc."
Legendary fuckin HERCULES!
Thank you, Kevin!
We need to get Robert Davi to do one of these too.. he's on there and def one of us, one of Trump's longest supporters.
Pence Sorbo 2024?
Hurc 4 Prez
Hercules FTW ;)
I grew up watching you deal with Hera's bullshit every week. I am now an expert in patience, conflict mitigation, and punching people so hard they do a back flip.
Not disappointed!
Kevin Sorbo is the fucking man!
Heracles and Superman both are on our side, feels good man.
Thank you for your support - Kevin!
CNN: KEVIN SORBO PLANNING ATTACKS USING FIERCE WEAPON CALLED TRUTH
Man, I should go back and watch Hercules and then Andromeda
With Hercules on our side, nothing can stop us
Awesome !
You won't be...
DISAPPOINTED!!!!
HE’S A PEDE!!!
wtf. who is this guy? im not even gay and im finding myself drawn to him like a moth to a silk robed warm lantern
Shit just got real.
Meme War II, The Legendary Shitposts
Hercules 👏🏼 Hercules 👏🏼 Hercules!! 👏🏼
WHO PUT THE GLAD IN GLADIATOR\~\~\~
#BASED OLYMPIAN
We got Hercules on our side.
HERCULES!
Holy shit! If Hercules is with us, who could be against us?

Based Christian Hercules!  Meme War 2020!  STOKED!
anyway to download this?
Tooooo epic. May your memes bring sweet dreams. Dreams of 2020 baby. Lets do this!!!
Kevin you are AWESOME!!! THANK YOU!!!!
Hell yeah
Hercules in real life!
We have the best actors.

Absolutely right, they're miserable, lying scumbags. And it all starts from lying all the time, they can't stop lying at this point, it's making their live's terrible but they're addicted to lying.
Who would have though that Hercules would enjoy memes?
Hercules HERCULES!!!
Not going to happy. Media will shut down all opposition
Yay Hercules!
His Royal Sorbulence speaks the truth.
now I want to re watch "Hercules: The Legendary Journeys"
I really like that man.
What a boss, he looks great.
#<3 I LOVE YOU,  HERCULES <3 

You are a Patriot and a Warrior on the Socials!
Don’t let ur memes be dreams!!
the guy who professes mythological beings aren't dead somehow believes he's qualified to lecture others on facts and reality
This is from that new service Cameo.com where you can pay celebs for a shout out. But Herc is one of us. We should get some lefty celebs to say some positive things about Trump haha

For 50$ you can have Chris Hansen say "Don't do it Joe, don't sniff the girl!"

https://www.cameo.com/chansen
Dude had 3 Strokes from an aneurysm in the 90s and is still beasting it up!
Papa Zeus raised his boy right!⚡
Too bad scummy reddit just quarantined us.
"Her-cu-lees! Her-cu-lees! Her-cu-lees!"
So glad we have the Systems Commonwealth on our side!
does he know we got quarantined yet?
Based Hercules I loved his show.
Ever noticed how most Hollyweirdos look really good in their 20s-30s, then by their 40s start to drop off and look absolute shit by 50?

Based Kevin still looks great though.
Now I just need Xena to come out as based and my childhood will be complete
Can we keep the Satanic nutjobs and get rid of the actors?
Wait a minute...this IS my world....
So great.
OTAY! (Eddie Murphy voice)
Actually it's, herkaleez, herkaleez, herkaleez
Hercalees, Hercalees
Him and James Woods
We have the best timelines, folks, believe me!  Yuge timelines!
And Xena is a far-Left feminist shitbag! Almost couldn't finish the last season of Ash Vs Evil Dead because she has turned into an insufferable cunt.

Glad Sorbo has stuck to his guns and isnt backing down.
[Let There Be Light](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt5804314/?ref_=nv_sr_1?ref_=nv_sr_1)
God’s Not Dead
Bruce Campbell was in some episodes of Hercules. Its definitely worth watching
I'd give Andromeda another shot if you have Amazon Prime!  I'm a big sci fi fan but if you give it a season it gets pretty damn good!
[We need to drive back the night and rekindle the light of civilization.](https://youtu.be/aMRRF1jSNJU)
he's technically in [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fNyR7xvb2KU)(hes in 1 of the terrible greenscreen flashbacks near the end), but i sure didnt watch this for him, just like i wasnt googling for pics of hope solo to see her play soccer
I approve of this reference!
I'm just a humble meme farmer, tending my crop.  Trying to bring a bit of encouragement to my TD xirs.
i better get upvotes for this lol
Dog whistle or something I'm sure the dogs on the left will say.
Must be what the Reddit mods used as proof we need to be quarantined
He (and yes I just assumed his gender) is most definitely a World Champion
Greek myths are best myths!
Brilliant connection made between movies. Well done.
Yes he is! (no homo)
It’s 7 hours old. Probably gilded before the quarantine.
Kevin Sorbo. He's awesome.
The Son of a God and the Captain of a Highguard Starship.
If I thought that it be enough to get Uncle Joe to stop being creepy, it'd be worth fifty bucks.
"Joey pleeeeeeeeeease, don't sniff the girl" - Tim McGraw
If that was scripted Kevin is an amazing actor, it sounded like it was straight from his heart.
You can pay celebrities to say all sorts of interesting things using that service

https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=EIupUR2igtI
This is hilarious. What a concept.
If you arent hiring Nick Di Paolo to roast the shit out of someone via Cameo you aren't doing it right.
Well, that's lame.  I guess if I record a minutes worth of video for a free dinner I would.
Wait, wait...what?
Keep memeing. Never give up. They can take our sub but they can never take our freedom!
What does the quarantine actually mean? We are still here.
This is just where we create the stuff. The real magic comes when we disseminate it.
That would be the drugs. Turns out that snorting lines of coke off a hookers ass every night is bad for you.
You noticed that, too?

I was just thinking how well he's aging. 

Looks great.
Not happening. She’s not even spoken to Kevin since the show ended as I recall the rumor
i miss the tweetdrome.
Not only did Kevin Sorbo play in the Hercules TV show, James Woods played in the Hercules cartoon
Yeah her character annoyed me (and this is coming from someone who looked up to Xena and thought she was so cool as a kid). Ash is a badass tho (I just pray to God Bruce Campbell isn't a crazy leftist)
the blond girl on Xenia was hotter anyway
Oh no, don't tell me that!
I haven't seen the movie but the name "God's" has always bothered me. like wtf is a not dead and where did god get one?
Season 1 and 2 are great, season 3 is WEIRD but stick it out! It finishes season 4 and 5 great
[no thks](https://therokuchannel.roku.com/details/87618be4f68f58caaa45ca2d61246b32/andromeda) mr bezos, not after u bumped it up by $20

justwatch...it must haunt u in ure sleep dont it, mr bezos
I only watched it for Lexa Doig but maybe some day I'll give it another shot as I am a big BSG and Star Trek fan.
Honestly I'd be very interested in what Gene Roddenberry would have to say about the state of things today.
The harvest will be bountiful.
Sure, Mr Sorbo.
Were lucky to have you with us, friend 🇺🇸
Honestly, I git $10 on that. It's great meme material.
Sniff Pelosi, Sniff AOC, Sniff all the democrats..

You can sniff all you want, but don't sniff the girl..
Joey Biden is out vote fishing,

He was in office eight years you know?

Never accomplished anything of note but

Now he says "cancer, time to go."

And sure he didn't fix the issue

in over forty years.

But if you vote for him in 20x2

He'll definit*sniiiiiiiiiff*

Damn it Joey, we've talked about this

That girl is twelve years at best!

Give a friendly hug if you want to,

Don't grab her by the breast!

Stop touching all of these kids you perv...

Joey pleaseeeeeeeese... don't sniff the girl.
have Katy Perry parody her own song.  "Joe Sniffed The Girl"
Thanks a lot. I was laughing so hard you just made me want up my daughter. Lol
The beginning is off the cuff. The 'meme war 2020 don't let your memes be dreams' was the request.
That site is going to cause all kinds of problems for celebs
My respect for Brett Favre just went up
"In late 1997 while on a publicity tour for Kull the Conqueror and between the fourth and fifth seasons of Hercules, the newly engaged Sorbo experienced an aneurysm in his shoulder which caused four strokes.[28][29] As a result, he was weakened for the next several years, a condition kept secret from the public while he recovered. During the last two seasons of Hercules (the fifth and sixth, which aired in 1998 and 1999), Sorbo had a reduced filming schedule to accommodate his condition, and more guest stars were featured in the show in order to reduce Sorbo's duties.[30] The strokes, thought to be triggered when chiropractic manipulation of his shoulder released blood clots from the aneurysm, left Sorbo with a permanent 10 percent vision loss, weakness, impaired balance, and migraines.[31] In his 2011 autobiography True Strength, Sorbo revealed the details of his injury and how his wife Sam helped him recover."

Shitpedia has it wrong, it was 4 clots...One dissolved and 3 didn't which resulted in the strokes.
What if we just start a new sub? One with blackjack and freedom?
With some of the shit he says, I would be shocked If he was a leftist.
It's best not to connect the worlds of entertainment and real life. Just let the stories entertain us, and assume the actors are all idiots by default so don't even look it up.

And if one like Sorbo pops up anyway from time to time, enjoy the happy!
Indeed, Gabriel had much nicer tits.
What?  It’s not possessive grammar; it’s a contraction for “God is.”  As in God is Not Dead.

Side note: Kevin Sorbo does an amazing job as an actor. The Christian genre always suffers from lack of talent but he definitely delivers.
I'm almost done with season 2 as a first time watcher. You can tell they had no budget for the show, but they make it work anyway and tell some good stories. It's been enjoyable so far.
Lexa shows up in Stargate SG1 towards the end, if that grabs ya.
I wonder if he knows what the donald is.  This at least confirms his twitter wasn't hacked and that was actually him dropping red pills.
I'm shocked more people haven't pranked them

It's not super expensive
 [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZZSxfULKQfg](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZZSxfULKQfg)
Holy smokes. Thank you.
What a badass. Dealt with all that and is still going strong. Wonderful guy.
Yeah you're so right! It just gets hard sometimes when politics runs all entertainment anymore...
Although in the possessive, "God's Not Dead" could refer to the resurrection.
I don't know the name but there's a series on YouTube with a few episodes where him and his kid battle the progressives at his kids school. It is quite entertaining!
I actually really love how they save money on ship battles by showing the radar screens. It kind of lends to how big space is in a way, that idea of I need the screen to see it cause space is too big for me to see the spaceship coming. It's pretty creative a way to save money.
I have that boxset and have seen every episode but barely remember her on there. Did she play the SG Command doctor or was she the general's daughter or something like that?
They can refuse to say things they don't want to.
Yeah. I had zero knowledge of this. That is amazing. I mean...multiple strokes...he really is Hercules!!
IIRC she joins the cast shortly (as SGC CMO) after Beau Bridges does. She's his ex I think. Season 9 or 10.
She replaces the doctor Janet who dies like a season or 2 before. Also she's real life married to Michael Shanks (Dr. Jackson).
Oh yeah I do recall now that feeling of sadness when I found out she was married lol.
I too am familiar with that feeling. At least Michael Shanks is a cool dude though.
Okay, I’ll stand in for the Beto-bot. 

DO YOU MEAN ROBERT FRANCIS O’ROURKE?
President Castro, lmao. Yeah, that'll be the day...
Pocahontas, since you are the only candidate who has lied about being Native American, what would you do about reparations?
Shots fired at Irish Bob.
Pure identity politics bullshit.
Ouch.
Jian will never win because he's too pasty
Did they say that?
😂😂😂😂
good bot lol
OMG I hadn't even considered that.  Welp, that's definitely not going to happen.
looks like he has a bit of Down's Syndrome... just sayin
I paraphrased what Rachel Maddow said, so, basically yes, she said that to Julian.  They didn't cut to Robert Francis though, that was added for the lulz.
Armed people doing anything in Oregon was not a thing that any of us here wanted or encouraged.  It was a series of anti-police fake posts made by shill accounts for the purpose of getting this sub locked, quarantined, shut down, what have you.  None of us would use ANY kind of violent force in any regard unless there was no other option in a self defense scenario.

Also, every single one of us here believes that every State needs to sort out their own shit, as we understand the concept of Federalism and State Laws being the province of that STATE and its citizens.  If a post sounds like it's an idea posed by a violent leftist who does not understand that you do not impose your rule on others via force, then it probably IS an idea posed by a violent leftist.  They've been doing this shit all day.  The only war we're fighting is a war of ideas against people who disguise their ideas as our ideas to try and suicide-idea-bomb us.
Well said OR-pede. Glad to see another one of us around here!
Oregon Trump supporter here. I hear you brother.
There are times in history when the middle narrows to a razor's edge. We are in one of those times. Glad to have you with us!
Make OR great again, thanks for this post pede
We need more people like you!
Oregon is such a beautiful state:  Mt Hood, Crater Lake, The Dunes, Canon Beach, Mt Bachelor and the Rouge River Valley.  I love your state,  But I could never live there.  The left crazies have taken over.  Please take it back, Patriots.
We must protect the constitution, it's for the people, not the politicians.
https://youtu.be/XgjUnl4Bluk?t=16
Tim Pool thinks it was Carlos Maza. The guy who recently tried to get Crowder removed. 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=50nPHVTXuZY&t
Thanks.
Me, too. Great heartfelt post. I went to high school there. Best memories of my life!
I don't know if he was the poster HIMSELF, but I am positive that he's part of it all.  He's such a complete piece of shit.  If this world works like Pillars of Eternity, where people are made of fragments of souls from people who had died previously, Maza is DEFINITELY put together from big chunks of Stalin and Oscar Wilde.

Nah, I take that back.  Oscar Wilde was clever and knew how to write.

Can you help me find my Mic?  I just dropped it.
The biggest appeal of the right, is fierce individualism.

The biggest weakness of the right, is fierce individualism.

We need to band together and fight together.  We need to group together, and fight.  Shitposting is not enough.
Spot on pede!
Fuck the lefty commies
Alex Jones as right...again
I really miss James Woods on twitter.
Ravelry hit me hard...I crochet
Careful pede, to a lefty that’s a dogwhistle call to violence
Profound, my friend. Individualism, a double edge. #MAGA
That was laughable to me at first. Then I read about real ppl being effected by it and realized the implications. THIS IS INSANE
It's a call for us to band together to create our own decentralized social media.
Really, let’s face it Reddit is 1980’s tech; it’s a glorified message board, how hard could it be to make a new one and disseminate its address.
We need better than that.  We need to completely and totally eliminate the middle man.  All of our sorrow, comes from the middle man.  The middle man on the left, the middle man on the right, doesn't matter which side.. it's always the middle man that's the problem.

The solution to censorship is to eliminate the middle man.
There are already alternatives, they just aren’t gaining traction. Most need some form of endorsement before they would catch on. Doesn’t matter if you have the perfect platform, if people don’t know it exists nobody will use it. This is especially true with social media sites, as the content is based solely on the users. Less users, less content which results in less users, etc. 

DTube (you can google it I’m not linking anything) is a supposed YouTube alternative. Decentralized, comments/content are written right into the blockchain and the only censorship power is held by the users. I don’t agree with everything they do, but it’s certainly a better alternative to YouTube. 

Will it be used though? Who knows, like I said earlier some celebrity is going to have to take it upon themselves to choose one of these new platforms and throw their support behind it. Without that they’re all but useless, they’ll never be able to break the grip google and other tech monopolies have on the market share on product alone. 

One tweet a week from DTJ or Jim Jordan/Cruz endorsing these platforms as a means of free speech would be plenty to get the ball rolling, honestly not sure why they haven’t done it yet.
The issue is content.  What needs to happen, is the solution we create, must absorb normie content from other sites and self-index and share it.  The problem with middle-man oriented platforms is that stealing content becomes a liability.  If there is no middle man, and all information is shared peer-to-peer, they find themselves in a situation where the liability is shared between all users, which makes lawsuits nearly impossible to be profitable.

If we use anonymous networks for information distribution, it becomes even more of a hassle for them. 

TPB is decentralized now, and there is no way it goes away, and it's more popular than ever.  For every TPB proxy that goes down, 5 more go up.
Nice to see the based best Obama again.
We're on our way to our first million!!!
The best Obama, although hes the only good one
10k accounts they can use to gauge your upcoming social credit score and then use that same system for establishing your buying power with their digital currency!  Commie power!
I remember when that dude tweeted something along the lines of "may Allah strike you down" or something right after a recent Muslim terror attack. Talk about bad timing lol.
21K on....  at MIDNIGHT LOL
Lol this stunt backfired on Reddit big time.
Haven't seen him since 2017 basically.
It’s time to go onto other subs and report their blatant TOS violations! Highlight the double standard and elevate to the appropriate channels.
If they didn't have double standards...
There are two different sets of rules in this country for leftists and patriots. And it's been getting worse, not better since 2016. The 2020 election will be even more critical.
>it's clear there are a completely different and arbitrary set of rules for T_D

True.

>that we know nothing about

We know exactly what the rules are.  Orange Man Bad.  That's the rule.  They do what they want because Orange Man Bad and we don't get to because Orange Man Bad.
You are wasting your breath. 

They know they are unfairly treating us - they don’t care and furthermore they don’t care if we prove that they are.  All they care about is a veneer of believability to deflect casual observation and to give the MSM it’s talking point to justify what Reddit did. They must make sure that we are crippled at this crucial moment when Google is exposed and the democrat debates are on TV. 

They HAVE to silence us. We are TOO effective.
Rules for thee but not for me.
The Chinese will get their fill of the left soon enough.
I have not seen the list of offending comments (and their up vote tallies). Is the list available somewhere?
Maybe. But I think Reddit is doomed if it continues supressing  T_D and some people know it. all eyes will be on them and Free Speech will become the biggest topic in the other subs and eventually off the site too. It’s a test case and I think they would loose if the keep it up.
Dude.  There are no appropriate channels on this website.  This was done by the fucking CEO with the full support of every single person in the building.  Who are you going to complain to?

Complaining and following their rules doesn't work.  They want us gone and they're finally willing to risk the fallout from it.

The solution isn't to play by the rules, it's to leave this sub and flood every other sub on the site.  People have forgotten how many of us there are and how active we are.  They think that because we're in here hanging with each other and they don't have to see us anymore that we're weak and low energy.

It's time to prove them wrong.  T_D was a literal quarantine sub.  It kept us from mixing with the lefties because we didn't particularly want to anyway.

Now they have pushed the issue and made it next to impossible for any new people to even find us.  Well, okay then.  Time to release the hounds.  Teach them what happens when you piss off 7 million patriots.  MAGA all over this fucking site.  When you get banned, make a new account or 12. Show them what high energy looks like and that their shitty lefty mods can't handle our impressive length.
careful buddy, that comment is borderline violence
We should just link them into PMs to Spez 😂
By "Appropriate Channels" I mean congressman who could fight to label these tech giants as Publishers since they are currently not acting in the capacity of a platform.

With that said I agree. It's time we stop being contained.
yea this is good is swear we have gained 50k subs, how long ago were we quarantined and sent to Guantanamo
Still President, still more SCOTUS judges and tons of federal judges to appoint, and will probably be re-elected. Enjoy your little subreddit victory cucks.
Our power only grows!
This place is buzzing right in time for the debates, mueller, and declass. They just pissed off an angry hornets nest at the worst possible time.
758,785 what a weird number it's at now, 34,806 online
It's even worse that they pulled this on the very day Trump announced he was going after social media for targeting conservatives. They done fucked up.
#760,961 now just a few hours later
its up a thousand from this post. pretty sweet
About an hour later:

https://magaimg.net/img/8b46.jpg
They clearly didn’t think this through, at all.
“Streisand effect, bitch” -Crowder
I think since around 12 or 1 central today.  I was just able to get back in on the app about 2 hours ago and it seems we’ve gone up 3 to 4 thousand.
I’m confused by your comment. Are you mad about all those things?
Its not even a victory, there are lots of webservers out there. It's good to know who the cock-nozzels are anyway. This was just a place to post memes and shit but never was a quality site for anything except memes.
We have not yet achieved our final form! MAGA, my Centipedes! Keep America Great, and Shadilay!!
[removed]
do subreddits ever get un-quarantined
No, I’m taunting the gloating leftists lurking here.
haha. Trump is gonna win in a landslide and it will be glorious. Can't wait for 2020. This whole poor attempt at censorship is really working. Numbers are going through the roof right now. But you go ahead and believe those polls again.
Usually quarantine is a preface for a final ban. Sometimes hours later, sometimes weeks, but its rare for a community to persist in that state. Further, if one has ever been unquarantined, I've never heard of it.
I don’t know, there might be some
Chapo, but it only got quarantined because people forced the admins' hands. As soon as the outrage died down it came right back, doing shit that would get any non-left subreddit instantly banned.
Ah ok that last sentence threw me off.
That is a capital offense in the China, and Hong Kong apparently.
I can't believe the admins left this post up.  I've had many a post like this deleted by them.
And who wants Trump gone more than anybody? 

Can you say Election Meddling from a foreign country?
Fuck ChiCom
Go eat a bag of tariffs.
动态网自由门 天安門 天安门 法輪功 李洪志 Free Tibet 六四天安門事件 The Tiananmen Square protests of 1989 天安門大屠殺 The Tiananmen Square Massacre 反右派鬥爭 The Anti-Rightist Struggle 大躍進政策 The Great Leap Forward 文化大革命 The Great Proletarian Cultural Revolution 人權 Human Rights 民運 Democratization 自由 Freedom 獨立 Independence 多黨制 Multi-party system 台灣 臺灣 Taiwan Formosa 中華民國 Republic of China 西藏 土伯特 唐古特 Tibet 達賴喇嘛 Dalai Lama 法輪功 Falun Dafa 新疆維吾爾自治區 The Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region 諾貝爾和平獎 Nobel Peace Prize 劉暁波 Liu Xiaobo 民主 言論 思想 反共 反革命 抗議 運動 騷亂 暴亂 騷擾 擾亂 抗暴 平反 維權 示威游行 李洪志 法輪大法 大法弟子 強制斷種 強制堕胎 民族淨化 人體實驗 肅清 胡耀邦 趙紫陽 魏京生 王丹 還政於民 和平演變 激流中國 北京之春 大紀元時報 九評論共産黨 獨裁 專制 壓制 統一 監視 鎮壓 迫害 侵略 掠奪 破壞 拷問 屠殺 活摘器官 誘拐 買賣人口 遊進 走私 毒品 賣淫 春畫 賭博 六合彩 天安門 天安门 法輪功 李洪志 Winnie the Pooh 劉曉波动态网自由门
Ooh, now your Google-creates Chinese social score is tanked.  You just lost your job and your bank account was frozen.
Thank you!
I fucking knew those dirty sneaky commies were involved in this.
You know Ive heard he looks like winnie the pooh, but I didn't believe it, but you know what? HE FUCKING DOES.
Idk why but when i read China i heard it in trump's voice
China would love for T to lose.  First thing I thought when I saw the yellow quarantine triangle this morning.
In which case the entirety of Reddit should be quarantined until after the elections.
This right here. At least they didn't buy some Facebook ads amirite? Anyway.. Do you think china wants Trump for 4 more years!?
Why did you post two pictures of Winny the Pooh bear? C'mon man this will totally mess with your social credit score aka karma
Uncanny resemblance :)
Ehm, Reddit belongs to a Company called "Advanced Publications" wich is a family owned US Media Company..

nothing Chinese here...
Pro tip, its not fucking China.  You can bash china all day, you can post the massacre and get front page. Who cant you talk about negatively?
There are so many posts calling out their bullshit that they cant silence them all quick enough
I keep a copy of this handy for responding to Chinese trolls. Shuts ‘me down real quick.
No more riding the train bro,
When did Conde Nast sell it?
It’s $150M from China. 

https://techcrunch.com/2019/02/11/reddit-300-million/
Not a "sale" but what we're referencing. 

https://www.theverge.com/2019/2/11/18216134/reddit-tencent-investment-deal-memes-amount-winnie-the-pooh-tank-man-china
Sigh
Oh bother...
Wow I didn't think it would happen this soon.  They are preparing extra early for 2020.  Fuckers can't win fair and square.
The democrat debates start tonight.

This isn't a coincidence.
Put me in the screenshot. Fuck you reddit.
**THE FLACK IS HEAVIEST WHEN YOU'RE RIGHT OVER THE TARGET PEDES!**
they want to take us out so that we can't make fun of the demonrat debates clown show
Swing voter checking in (voted for more Dems than rep in my life). I’m voting for the most hardass conservative in every election from now on. This is on you, spez.
Time to go to other subs to invite people here for the debates tonight - they should've let well enough alone, but the tyrants  can't help themselves.
If something happens to this sub where should I go? GAB? VOAT?
This screen is the "WARNING PARENTAL ADVISORY" for this era. 

When I see this I think: "Oh good, someone might say or express anything remotely interesting here."
I apologize if there's already a post for this or if it's already common knowledge, but is there a planned alternative for if/when this sub is taken down totally? It would suck not knowing where to instantly reorganize in such an event. I feel like if there isn't such a contingency plan, one should be put in place and agreed upon soon. The earlier there's a consensus on where everyone meets during a sub-DELET, the quicker T\_D can survive and thrive somewhere else.
Your response will be reflected in the future social credit system American (I mean Global) corporations already helped roll out in China.
Quarantines are the Performance Improvement Plans (PIPs) of Reddit. No employee is put on a PIP with the intention of actually improving their performance. They are put on with the intention of being fired "for cause".
Executive order is need to regulate these massive monopoly companies. 1984 is real!
[REEEEEEEEE-HHHAAAAAWWWWWW!!!!](http://magaimg.net/img/8b0l.jpg)
Democratic debates are tonight.

Make no mistake. This is obvious.

This is planned damage control by Reddit.
"are you sure you want to view this community?" Are they fucking brain dead?
Great. Because that won't push us to invade other subreddits.
Oh fuck, how annoying, now we have to update our bots to automatically go past this warning message. /s
Yep!  You fuckers had better raise hell now with every elected official.  This is your last chance before we're permanently silenced.
[removed]
I knew it was only a matter of time. I will be shocked if this subreddit still exists in 6 months. It's been going on every social media platform to ban opposing views as they don't like it when you don't agree with liberal views. 





Censorship at it's finest and the sad thing is, it's going to get worse. What's even sadder is the liberals will celebrate, becoming the very thing they say they are against (becoming fascists).
Test run.
Sounds like election meddling.
Also isn’t Pres Trump flying out to G20 in Japan today? Whole world and every market watching what happens between him and Xi.
hmmmm
https://i.imgur.com/SfDPHkA.mp4
Hey random guy, there is no shame. Democrats left you, not vice versa. A bunch here feel like they changed under our nose.
They've completely redrawn the lines. It's not conservative vs. liberal, it's free speech/America vs. fascism/hell.
Imma be straight up with you. I love gay people and weed. I also love free speech and an armed civilian population. I'd say that sits me firmly in the center, but in the past 2 years I've somehow become a Nazi by the left's definitions. 


I never liked republicans growing up and tbh, I still fucking don't. We call them "Rhinos" around here. Mitt Romney types. But the fact is that Trump took them AND the democrats on from the get-go. Obama, Clinton, the Bush Family, all teamed up. Every news broadcast, every radio station. He was taking fire from literally every direction because he's our guy. Not theirs. Every minute of airtime on a professional production is a bought-and-paid-for sponsored message in some form or another. Nothing makes it to air without some higher say-so. Major news outlets are quoting far left fake news, then denying culpability when things are found to be false. 


The big club George Carlin spoke about... that "club" that "they" are in and you and I aren't? Trump won because he's not in it either, and it's glaringly obvious.
4chan or 8chan, I guess.
Dissenter good everywhere.
RIght?  Like having to put in your birthday to get into early porn sites.  Yea - I'm totally 18 let's DO this
aRe yOu sUrE?
Both of you?
Your comment was automatically removed because you directly linked to an outside subreddit or other user. This rule was put in place by Reddit admins because they don't want our users "interfering" in other communities.  Moderators will review for approval

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/The_Donald) if you have any questions or concerns.*
The facists of the next generation will label themselves anti-facists

\-Winston Churchill
The liberals will "fight like hell" to turn the internet into cable television and then either lie about it or admit it and blame conservatives.
This has become a constitutional freedom of assembly issue.

Please post the contact information for your state’s attorney general.

To file complaint in Texas, online:  http://txoag.force.com/CPDOnlineForm

Texas Senator, online form:  Ted Cruz   https://www.cruz.senate.gov/?p=form&id=16  (use subject: Reddit Ban)
And the Chinese own huge parts of Reddit now too.

Chinese collusion. The real threat
Sweet!
User name checks out.
You've done a great job posting this in all the threads. Keep up the excellent work, patriot!

I've filled out both forms, and also called my senators, AND I've started writing my FEC complaint letter.
"I bet I am the only one who hears gunshots in my neighborhood"

\-Sparticus

&#x200B;

Can't fix his own neighborhood, but wants to fix mine. Which is quit safe BTW
Newark is a shithole. the only place I go is between Penn Station and the arena and back. fuck the rest of the town. Spartacus fucked even worse than it was
Yes, it does.  There is no way around it.
“My city”
State Resident here - can confirm.   


Literal shithole
Looks like they put makeup on him to look more black. He's blotchy and his ears were overlooked in regard to makeup. Very sloppy.
Back the badge
You racist piece of shit! At least, that is how the "Back the Blue" stickers were described today in the Dallas sub.
Make sure you follow the content policy and report your findings pede.
I am starting to think I should get some blue light bulbs for the front yard now.
I found this subreddit 20 minutes ago and I love it. Since it got quarantined, this place is like a war zone. Liberals coming in and trying to provoke, getting shut down and banned. Stories popping up left and right. This is great. Wish I had found this awhile ago.
What's up with the coordinating white outfits? Perhaps a planned photo-op where they would appear angelic and pure? Sorry AOC, but you are not a righteous border savior with red lipstick!
Make Cortez Bartend Again! 🤡🌎
Where did you find that?
This is why we are quarantined. They are trying to manipulate the masses and we are reality check into their scams.
I'm so glad I've been redpilled. I used to be a Democrat, and I supported Obama and was among the many who did and do think he was a good president. But I recently started watching a YouTube channel called Mr.Obvious, and he really opened my eyes to how politics really are in America and I cannot be anymore happy for that knowledge. I'm 20 years old and I'm Republican, it's a nice thing to know I am, I'm glad that I've been shown the truth so early in life then later in it when it may or may not have been too late with freedom of speech being torn into savagely like it has been.
I’m laughing so hard, tears are rolling down my legs!
Well, at least she wore her $600 watch instead of the good one.
Cortez
Understands
Nothing
Today
Lol! Fools will be tools!
... why are they all wearing all white? Is this some sort of 1%ers 4th of July party or a "concentration camp?" Would be pretty fucked up to wear expensive clothing and jewelry if all these people are really as impoverished as they claim
She is so dumb!
Hahaha i love it.... such a moron.
It always comes out and I laugh my ass off every time one of these hacks gets busted
Forgot her hood.
I legit didn't recognize her, this is the first photo I see without the teeth
Why the white? Are they surrendering?
Propaganda 101, this shit is fucking insane
Psyche rhymes with mikey
Psych rhymes with mike
Psy rhymes with my
P rhymes with me
Haha dumb bitch
Terrible
All they are missing are cigarettes and they would be
The Guilty Remnant on the show The Leftovers.
It looks like she's part of a cult that all wear the same white uniform.
she looks retarded even when she's trying to look sad.
Well one photo is in black and white so we have to at least shed an extra tear for that one scene. Soooo sad lol
I can't decide which one is my favorite pic. I'm leaning toward the pigeon-toed-bent-knee left hand on leg crying photo. I think that one really conveys the true emotion and the 'real' of the situation. Yeah, that one is my favorite. Thanks Sandy, now I'll have a Captain and Coke.
Want that look Pedes? Get AOC's watch seen here. Only $695:

https://www.movado.com/us/en/shop-watches/modern-47-0607403.html
pOOR sOUL- loss in space!
I want to say I cant believe how stupid she is...but people did vote her in, I am more worried about them and their intellect. Seems like they voted off emotion.
There's a t-shirt that says "So you're an actor? Which restaurant?".
Let them go on the other side of the fence without their passports!
Hahaha, what a stupid fucking trip.

Photo op galore.

Dress up in white and make mope faces the whole fucking time!

Shame!
Can we get an original source for this please? I’m not a fan of memes without citations. I’m so pissed right now about the quarantine and I’m mass dropping red pills on all my other social media.
She's one homely looking bitch.
This is the definition of fake news. Fuck AOC.
Holy shit, is she literally *crying at a fence*?

Batshit
Fucking pathetic bitch.
You can see the guilt in the officer's eyes. Clearly they know they are on the wrong side of history.

Truth is treason in an empire of lies.
What's up with people posing for as picture crying. Everybody knows it's not a candid photo. You had to tell the cameraman (sorry, cameraperson) to take a picture while I pretend to cry. And your logic is that if will gain you popularity points.
she stole this bit from eric andre...
Look at us all wearing white.  Look at me grimacing at an empty road.  Look at those photographers.  How dare you call this staged!!!
The one with the purse has a nice ass.
[deleted]
The camps are real tho.
Glad to have you. Welcome to reality.
SOMEBODY GET THIS PEDE A COAT!
You should've seen it in 2016. Stickies being swapped out every five minutes and complete front page domination so total they had to change the rules and nerf the algorithm.

I"m guessing they didn't want that to happen again next year, hence the quarantine.
Welcome. Have a helmet and a coat. Things are going to get interesting.
#HIGHEST ENERGY!!!

#SPEZ BTFO
Welcome to the most bestest subredit in the world. ily 💖
Streisand effect.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Streisand_effect
Welcome. Contrary to the brainwashed liars out there, we are a welcoming loving community, just follow the rules. Black, white, red, yellow, gay, whatever, we accept all here
the MODS are doing gods work. I'm pretty sure they think it's a victory but it's a massive L for them.
Someone get this patriot a coat!
Aye, have a brick with your name on it.

And a coat as well.

Welcome aboard, we have no brakes!
during the first campaign season.... my god it was a thing to behold. 


The great meme war.
I don't care what your opinion is on any given topic. Don't get violent. Don't surpress anyone else. Welcome.
Welcome :) This is where I get a huge chunk of my news from. I voted for trump but was not a big fan at first because due to me stupidly believing some of the lies spread about him in the media. This subreddit changed that and turned me into a full on trump supporter!
Democrats have a history of wearing white.
> What's up with the coordinating white outfits?

Remember when Melania wore a white dress and they said she was a white supremacist for it?
She’s a wolf in sheep’s clothing.
Exactly what it is
cult
Came here to say that.  Remember they did that during the State of the Union, too.
Look up ladies in white or Damas de Blanco in Cuba. They are appropriating real suffering to show thier fake compasion.
It'a a Mexican communist signal. The illegals all wore white during their marches when that drunk idiot GWB was trying to enact amnesty.
I heard AOC was thinking she was going to get a free car from Oprah . . .
Is this a real? Link?
20 years old?  Good for you. I was in my 30s before I started to figure it out.
>do think he was a good president.

Seriously:  Why?
Are these tears yellow, by chance?
[Heh heh.](http://magaimg.net/img/6fta.jpg)
White pride?

White power?

Who knows?!?!
they didn't want to be mistaken for the rabble.
I don't know. To think it's ok to deceive people like this is not stupidity, it's evil.
Totally trying to hijack the part in our brain that sees "concentration camps" as history textbook photos from the 40s.
She has no ass what do you mean
Bitch ain’t have no ass at all
Zoophilia will not be tolerated here, sir.
Build the Wall & close Obama's camps is the damn plan
And a brick!
Fuck coat bot might be banned from auto posting now we're quarantined??
I'll put on the election night highlights and heat up a batch of liberal tears.
Really makes you think 🤔
The Democratic Women's Caucus wore coordinated white to protest the last state of the union. I think it's supposed to be a "Handmaid's Tale" reference.
Yowzers
They actually said that? Holy fuck just when I dont think these people can get any dumper they go and prove me wrong.
Wolves wearing sheep's clothing is normal. Don't be trans species phobic!
Yep it's real. It was on twitter initially but even her supporters were pointing out how bad it was so she deleted it.
It's on 4 chan I found i saw it earlier
foreal... obama was to my knowledge the first president to drone strike an american citizen without due process. Also killed his kids and a few relatives
Maybe....  ;-)

To be honest, I saw this on a shirt and I thought it to be a perfect response.
she's both
The one on the right...
yes i guess
shame all the bots are dead. except the shit one that deletes posts with unapproved URLs.
another brick on the trump train!
And a metal slat, because our wall should be effective and economical
Nice name, faggot!
That's what I was afraid of... I'm getting cold now.
Looks like they have scrubbed the internet of the actual article, i dont have an archive, but here is the gist of it...

https://www.washingtonexaminer.com/abcs-embarrassing-article-about-clintons-white-pantsuit

Funny how as soon as it became "white is for suffragettes", an entire 2 week cycle kept bringing up how racist she was for wearing white and "Harking back to a time when marginalized people of colour were openly discriminated against", i remember that idiotic newthink sentence. 

Fuck these people.
Sally Kohn of CNN on Twitter inferred that Melania wore all white pantsuit after labor day to pander to Trump's base. 

&#x200B;

She followed up saying it was a joke. She was saying without saying, that Melania wore all white to pander to Trump's "white supremacist" fanbase. When dem's wear all white, it's a symbol of Women's Suffrage. When Trump's wife wears all white, well, you get what she was implying. 

[https://twitter.com/sallykohn/status/958521243845709825?ref\_src=twsrc%5Etfw%7Ctwcamp%5Etweetembed%7Ctwterm%5E958521243845709825&ref\_url=https%3A%2F%2Fdowntrend.com%2F71superb%2Fsally-kohn-accuses-melania-trump-of-racism-for-wearing-white-at-sotu%2F](https://twitter.com/sallykohn/status/958521243845709825?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw%7Ctwcamp%5Etweetembed%7Ctwterm%5E958521243845709825&ref_url=https%3A%2F%2Fdowntrend.com%2F71superb%2Fsally-kohn-accuses-melania-trump-of-racism-for-wearing-white-at-sotu%2F)
**DID YOU JUST ASSUME MY GENUS?!?**
Didnt some photographer post it saying it was from before she was elected?
He must work out.
T H I C C
RIP Brick Bot. May you lay a thousand bricks in bot heaven
Why are they dead? Seems like at least brick bot was going strong just a few weeks ago. Is it because of this quarantine business?
Don't worry, we just have to hand out coats manually, no more semi-automatic assault-coat dispensers for us
REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE :-)
Yes
Samsonite!
Can we get an F in the chat?
Yep, quarantines can delete all customization of a subreddit (hence why the design is very dialed back now). As well as deleting custom subreddit bots.
The spez bot may be lurking out there.
AOC Status: Seething
F
*F*
F
f
F
F
F
F
F
F
F
F
F
God, it's like living in east Germany
Fuckers.
F
F
F
F
G
###f
This is technically targeted harassment against individuals and against a community as a whole. We would be within our rights to report him for his harassment.
Carlos, once you have outlived your usefulness to the Silicone Valley Oligarchs, they will dispose of you quickly.
This guy has a serious case of butthurt.
If i didnt know better, I'd say this Carlos fella is an authoritarian.
I’ve never seen a more toxic community than this one! We support our troops and first responders, embrace family values and support our President
In b4 he's caught with cp
GAY WONK!!! 🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡
It's the fucking internet, what are they expecting to happen, people just stop going online? Even if this place gets banned, do they think people aren't gonna still be around different sites and be pro-Trump?
He has a very high risk of getting HIV.
That guy is a totalitarian clown with the intellect and mindset of a two-year-old. "Want thing. Give thing. GIVE THING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! WAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH"
He wants to get people arrested, or placed into re-education camps.
Does this clown work for Russia?
“The target.” That’s what we are. We aren’t human beings to them. We are mere targets. 

And you know what gets done to targets.
Trump Curse Activated.
He is just a shameless authoritarian narcissistic piece of shit.
Damn. He figured it out.
Uh oh guys, pack it in. He used the new buzzword "toxic"
Fascist gonna fash
Carlos Maza would only be happy if all registered republicans were rounded up and put into camps.. Hmm... That sounds vaguely familiar..
It screams out in pain as it strikes you
This guy is a psychopath. Hes gaslighting victims of targeted harassment.
This is all projection.  
  
***He*** is the toxic one.  
***He*** is the bad actor.  
***He*** is playing the victim.
If this guy had his way he would gather anyone right of center, put them all on an island, and launch a thousand nukes at it.
Cry more Carlos.
Pretty sure Carlos maza sexually assault me in 95 or 96. Cant be sure when, but it was definitely at bergdorf and it was definitely not an episode of SVU...
What a baby.
Wow, he's aware he's losing.
Can we just start calling him GayHonk?
They wont stop until we are dead..
Did he not learn the first time? I guess that's typical of a leftist, they learn nothing from history.
Hahaha he's learning
Obey me! 

No, obey me more!
What a whiny fuckin queer hell bent on destroying the great country that tolerates such a spiteful PERVERT. FUCK YOU GOOF.
LOL Posting comments that have 4 points in one hour. Pretty trending comment there. Then again, he may be used to that kind of response.
For all those that can read Spanish, philosophers in Mexico have been well aware of this problem for decades. If you want a run-down of the dispute surrounding the political implications of hermeneutics, read this paper starting from page 23 and follow up on the sources. I assure you, it's the stuff that memes are made of. Social engineering, the authoritarian control of public opinion—*it's all real.*

[https://studylib.es/doc/2303329/tradiciones-hermeneuticas-de-ambrosio.pdf](https://studylib.es/doc/2303329/tradiciones-hermeneuticas-de-ambrosio.pdf)
I listen to a guy in the morning on local talk radio, Peter Boyle.  He always warns that the head hunters have to hunt... I don't see how moderate middle of the road people look at this and instantly think something is very wrong.
Ahahaha the Trump curse is gonna hit this guy soon
This fucker is a huge faggot
Toxic = Not my beliefs

Do you think he understands what he types?

Can't we all enjoy freedom of speech?
That effin diksucker
cucks gonna cuck
"help me! help me! LAME LAME LAME LAME LAME"
This guy needs a hug or something.
This maz prick is getting mighty irritating
LISPY QUEER
[removed]
> report him for his harassment.

Do it. Everywhere. Not that it will do anything
He has paid reddit admins, users and mods.
Useful idiots are just that.
He already has. He thinks he's somehow still important when he's got 125k followers but only can get 100 retweets.
Kek
He has serious case of terminal leftism.

It's not good enough that you can't bother them anymore. You must be destroyed. The very fact that you exist threatens them.
Both the gay and the insecure beta soyboy kind
Nah, he just needs money and figured a way to make a quick buck. Not like there’s any other way he can make a living.
By definition - shouldnt it be permanent state in his case?
or jealous
And we are more loyal to each other than ANY other community on reddit.
Cp?
WONK = WOMP + HONK
Arrested for what? Having an opinion different from his own?

...oh wait.
No, he's just a typical totalitarian leftist.
Isn’t packing it in what he does? just asking...
His fugly moles are indelible in your hippocampus.
No, I like lispy queer.  That's how he self-identifies and so shall it be;
They can try, but it might not work out so well for them if they keep poking the bear
😂🤡🌈
or a poopy head.
It’s like a family
Cheese Pizza


*goes well with dominos*
Cheese pizza, also known as child pornography
I thought he was the one that received the package.
Or a lispy queer with penis envy.
I love Brad Parscale. But who doesn't?
True. I tuned in to the MSNBC post coverage and they were saying Trump was hardly mentioned at all and not nearly enough. Dimms know they are doomed.
babe ruth - pointing to the bleachers...
say it en espanol!!
Mr. Parscale = immediate hypermath = victory. 2016 election was navigated PERFECTLY - assets placed at critical points, crucial locales, at precicely the right time to encourage enough votes to earn the
 Presidency. probably the only guy named Brad i will ever trust
I liked Gabbards.  But I'm not a democrat.  I'm sure she's literally Hitler because she was in the military.
Only way for it not to is if the tech fascists achieve the goals they are putting all their resources into to control not just 2020 but all future elections
Democrats
She is boring AF.
Who is this guy?

Edit: Ok.. lol. So I honestly thought it was a guy and I really didn't know who it was.
Is that Rachel Maddcow’s brother?
Women like this always have *that* haircut.
I do not want this woman representing my country!
What the fuck is it with these fucking women these days? Is it an ugly off? A contest of who can look the most like an ugly boy contest between these harpies?

I was watching a FOX news clip last night and there was a reporter who had the same look only she was mid 40's. Fucking horrid looking thing, and this is a professional news anchor?

W-T-F???
Trump curse early elimination in 3....2....
Maybe should take a dna test before she competes in a woman’s sport anyway, dontcha think?
Send her to Yemen and she'll be singing My Country Tis of Thee.
This is just another example why no one watches women's soccer
I think it’s Lance Bass
Another SJW that believes the lies that are told by the media and SJW. She just appears to be a pain in the ass human. That has zero gratitude.
We are at a point now where US athletes shit talk the US publicly.
Fascinating how all the anti-American/anti-trump people are so ugly.
Anderson Coopers alter ego?
Who cares what this dyke thinks. Let her stay a nobody.
WOW SHORT PURPLE HAIRED LESBIAN SOCCER PLAYER HATES TRUMP. Color me surprised!! Lmao
That’s like the Democrat motto
You can see the hatred on her face.  They don’t age well, folks.  The dark side consumes everything.
LOL she hasn't even won yet. The curse will strike, I know it.
She the one constantly complains that the women’s team who bring in tens of dollars should be paid the same as the men’s teams who bring in billions.
That’s a man baby.
Listen, if that's how she wants to voice her free speech, fine. Let her. She's only hurting herself. I don't care who the President is, I would go to the White House as a Guest. That would be cool.
 Is that one of the democrat candidates for POTUS? Male or female, or...the ubiquitous 'other'? 

What is a 'fifa', is it's name foofoo and they spelt it wrong?

Most importantly....why does it have my country's initials on it's shirt?
[removed]
So many of these people who hate the President are lesbians and/or have serious daddy issues.
Gotta play for a country & she’s disrespecting ours. So, bye bye. 

US women’s soccer sucks big time!! Ref gave US 2 PKs for ‘soft fouls’ to beat Spain, who earned their goal in open play. 

Refs won't let US lose. Rapinoe played awful game, but refs gave them 2 PKs for the win against Spain. Go home US! You suck!!

US defense sucks too. Ayso teams play better defense. Keeper never should have made short pass to US defender under pressure. GOAL for Spain. Duh!!
Don't forget to complain about not making as much money as professional male players, despite only bringing in a fraction of the money men's pro does!
Be a shame if the US cancelled her flight home.
Bet xer transition game is strong.
Who's he?
And bad haircuts.
ill bet it has to stand up to take a piss
Looks like a guy I went to school with.
Should not be on the USWNT or captaining them. A complete disgrace and a terrible role model for young girls.
Am I the asshole for rooting for Spain in the last match? I know there might be MAGA girls on the team, but she is the captain and the reason they advanced. She's really good at soccer, I don't doubt that.
Her attitude is like Big Mike’s.
*does voodoo finger wiggles at the screen*

#LOOOOOOSE...
That’s why I’m not watching it.
I forgot David Spade played soccer...
Good.  Nobody wants ur whiny bitch ass there anyway.
When did Anderson Cooper start playing women's soccer?
should be kicked off the country's NATIONAL TEAM if she hates where she lives so much. fk this pos.
Who is he?
FFS how many more posts have to be made about this cunt? Nobody gives a shit about women’s soccer.
Anti Americanism is so disgusting.
dollar store anderson cooper
She looks exactly how I would have expected someone who acts like her to look.
She did score goals for the US in the WC. More than all of us combined have scored.
Just another butch POS.
Anderson Cooper is lookin' a little more masculine than usual...
Bitch looks AIDS ridden.
nasty man
that dude is fucked up.....
Ingesting soy really messes men, just look at this one.
Why is Anderson Cooper wearing a FIFA shirt?

Out of the loop...
Why go to the White House after you win a championship? It's not like you can't just go to McDonald's whenever you want to.
When your gender fluid runs dry your sex gears grind and soon your dried out brain is ground to dust.
That’s one ugly man.
She looks like a 13-year-old boy.
Man that inside ugliness sure does manifest on the outside with these people
Damn, Andy Dick is lookin ***rough***
Kind of hope they lose in some sort of big upset. No one cares about this shit anyway and the fact that they’re spitting all over the flag and anthem is pretty embarrassing. Next cup they’ll probably just wear rainbow jerseys
She has a mental disorder
Looks like Anderson Cooper, as a child, with AIDS.
Not fuck the USA, fuck its president.
This guy is a piece of shit. Like anyone really cares about soccer you fucking goof.
Fuck this guy
Bro, U mad.
and all the money the USA spent of facilities, and coaches, and sending her all over the globe to play a game.  fuck that bitch
Looks the part too.
#That is Andersen cooper
I love how they feel they’re soooooo oppressed being able to protest and live happily in the country that keeps them safe... but thats not good enough... ohhh noooo.... they think its the worst country in the world.... if they only knew... all that dye in her hair has blocked her way of thinking rationally
To this day I continue to have trouble understanding how these people expect to be heard and listened to if they don't want to gather and discuss. What better fucking way to do that than get an actual invite to the WH and come face to face with the actual man that can make changes?
I didn't even think she was American with the way she talks
Rooting for France this Friday - even hung their flag at my desk
https://imgur.com/8G3O1fE
Young Andy Warhol?
so i assume this is over the georgia abortion bill ? that's one fucking state, has nothing to do with the rest of the USA
Also, "The compensation for a position on the National Team is insufficient although we agreed to be a party to this of our own free will."
Hair isn't blue, doesn't check out.
Anderson Cooper looking ass hoe
And then complain I didn't get enough.  Typical lefty
A young Gary Busey
man or a woman?
I bet the rest of her team is mixed in opinions on Trump but the reason she's focused on so much is because she's anti-Trump. If they win I fully expect a few of them to whip out their MAGA hats in celebration.

Keep in mind: This was the only player that "protested" the National Anthem.
Purple hair over here needs to move to Iran and sport a headscarf. THEN she'll be thankful for her freedom in the good old US of A. But who were the dorks who let her onto the team? Didn't they filter out non patriotic people before admitting them onto the team?
[removed]
Which gender?? WHICH??
POS
More people visit the white house a day than those that watch your matches. Good luck on the Trump curse storm that's a brewing, start that clock
And privileges afforded to me that allowed me to thrive so I can shit on the country that provided those privileges while doing what I love while representing the country I shit on
A leech who enjoys free publicity for endorsement contracts, free travel, and free room and board courtesy of taxpayers and/or benefactors while saying F U to America. Nice example for young kids.

&#x200B;

BTW -- POTUS quoted "F...ing"

MAGA!!!!
Who is this guy?
Freedom won't exist soon. The left is ensuring that.
Trump curse incoming
Who is that guy?
She should fuck off to Iran. Playing for the United States of America should be a privilege, not a right.
I wish I were as persecuted as her.
Wow it's almost as if one can live in a country and criticize it at the same time.
Wow!  Just look at that soyboy.  I'm surprised he's even athletic enough to play.  Doesn't look like he has much testosterone in his body.
and play for it with the flag on my chest
Andy Warhol is just so avant garde
i thought this story was about the women's team?
Not a very nice comment towards the American population!
I can't believe Daniel Craig plays women's soccer.
She said fuck the USA???! Seriously?!
Doesn't the U.S. government pay for the U.S. soccer team? 

Imagine telling your boss fuck you and thinking you can keep your job.
She's got those demon black eyes.
Funny. No one's watching.
I was flipping through channels the other day and caught a glimpse of the US Womens soccer team loading up on a bus.. shit you not, when I seen this one loading the bus I thought to myself  "that one is going to virtue signal over something".. The haircut was a dead giveaway... sure enough, it happened. 

Never heard of this dude before this.
"Fuck the USA,"  ummm, ok.  All you lovely ladies and vigorous gentlemen, may you all find someone who thinks you are pretty darn cute, and may you be happy.

Make your pillow talk, and promises, and maybe even children, happily.
Soulless eyes...
only Trump can pull off that haircut!!!
Lol "fuck the usa" is exactly what she said 🤣
I totally agree

Just like Ayn Rand and social security
Take it's money but a lot less money than men because no one wants to watch dykes play sports.
Who is this guy?
Who is that guy?
Leeches have benefits in some circumstances.   


That overly masculine female is a parasite.
I wondered what happened to Kevin Spacey.
Fuck whoever this guy is
She should be booted from the team.  If you cannot even support the country you're representing then you should not be on the team.  And if that's the way someone really feels then they should resign or at least keep their mouth shut.
I'd be 24/7 buttmad as well, if I looked like that.

&#x200B;

But it's nice to see ole grandma is still physically active.
Yeah, thats what fuck the usa means, lol. orange man bad.
This guy is edgy using the “F” word.
This cunt should go suck Kaepernick's asshole
Time to cut finding for US Soccer.... Who needs that EU/3rd World/Shithole sport anyway.
Tell that dude to pipe down. Maybe give him an orange wedge and a Capri sun cuz you know; he is an adult playing a kids game but prolly needs a time out.
i don’t know who she is but she has the miserable mug of a leftist. the ugly seeping from the inside to the outside.
Trump's hatred is illogical, insane and stupid. People like her don't think like normal individuals
Ugly turd.
Send that bitch to Saudi Arabia
Disreapctul turd.
The Trump curse is on the horizon
Model soy boy.
What did she do? Express her first amendment rights? 

Oh fuck her then... let's take turns making ignorant jokes about her appearance.

This place is a literally full of degenerates. It's unfortunate you only got quarantined, but here's to hoping you get fully banned and you can take your racist, hatefulness to some other safe space.
How big is her cock?
Fuck this bitch...she is suffering a severe case of dad issue.
a man. IMHO
Who is that guy?
david spade plays soccer?
Who does this guy think he is saying shit like that?
So that’s why women’s USA soccer is so good, letting trans men play.
I still think it's wrong to let trannies participate in women's sports.
What is it? Is that a tranny?
The men's world cup on or something?
Ugly traitorous man. Shameful!
Thes comments are disturbing
Reading the comments in here makes me so sad for our country.  The Donald has been accused of sexual assaulting 19 women.  Of course they don't want to go visit him.  Why the fuck would they?
Bitch
That's a girly looking dude.
If I was as ugly as this dude I might be pissed too.

&#x200B;

Still wouldn't dye my hair like a clown though...
It's all good. She ugly anyway.
That is an ugly dude, inside and out. I never really thought about him or cared until how I saw him celebrating goal number 13 over a very weak Thiland team like they just won the cup.
someone tell justin beiber to lay off the coke
Her purple hair immediately turned me off.
Someone check this otherkin's chromosomes for a y chromosome.    


Someone get me something she ate or drank from and I will do the test for you.
With all that money she could at least not be that ugly
anderson cooper
I thought it was a woman and wanted to facetiously say it's a guy lol.

Edit: wait, so it *is* a woman
Is it that chick from the first matrix movie?
Nasty creature
A tranny
Not good enough to beat a 15 yo high school team
Who is this “they!”

FTFY- can’t assume genders bruh!
David Spade.
Sandy Warhol
Some loser that couldn't even stop shots by 15 year olds.
Humanoid model F2k19.
Rachel Maddow's brother.
Eminem in a wig
the fuel of the demorat party
No one that matters. Not a name
You will remember in 5 years.
Yup, came here to say the same thing and I still don't know who he is.
David Bowie is all pissed off I guess
50 year old schoolyard bully.
>Who is this guy?

Who is this guy?

(Still posting what I came here to post, because who is this guy LOL)
Thom Yorke
🤣🤣🤣
Came to ask the same question.
Albino Justin Bieber.
My Mrs said he's fit.
I mean... yeah, looks like a dude. Or Stitch from Matrix.. I agree with prev post on that one! LOL
Dont know, but IT is clearly going for that Ellen Degenerate dike look, or something....or she is german 🤷‍♂️
LMAO
I just saw this top comment, and all I can say fuck you Aliens. Just come out and say to us you're gender-less impotent freaks cloning yourselves every 400 years and you saw islam as a funny tool to annoy heterosexuals.
Masculinisation is irreversible. Be cautious with steroids, girls!
Zuckerbot's brother
Looks like a dike, walks like a dike... Must be a dike.
> Who is this guy?

David Spade.
The fuckin' Crypt Keeper "Before" picture.
Hank Williams.
Who is this pussy?
“Women”
They are trying their best to look like 3rd grade boys.

#\#PenisEnvy
Those women who vehemently hate men, will often try to look and act like men, or hypermasculine male stereotypes. Strange and ironic.
I don't get it though, they aren't accepted by men any more for looking like one. The last thing guys like is a poser. This is a short, weak woman cutting her hair and posing as if she were some 6'2" man with a loud mouth.
"woman"
If the US women's team was playing Iran, I would pull for Iran. 


Why? Because the Iranians like the US more than the US women do.
Find someone with more talent than her.  Sport is a meritocracy.
I've heard that somewhere except about a guy...
lol'ed on the "ugly off"
> What the fuck is it with these fucking women these days? Is it an ugly off?

Professional aoccer is a male sport. Women in soccer probably don't care about their looks too much, hence the appearance.

Now compare it to women skiers or basketball players etc.
Its basically like social engineering. All the normal ones have been run out turned out or just left out. So ONLY whack jobs remain.
[removed]
One bag, two bag or paper-or-plastic?
They're sexually signaling to the state instead of men by becoming ugly, also the colored hair is reminiscent of poisonous spiders
[removed]
Praise Kek, it's happened


https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/1143888638004125696?s=19
Hard to sing when your throat's been cut. I don't think those Yemeni Muslims are too fond of lesbians.
She's the only one that's protesting. The other players are not. Plus, the others look like real women: http://magaimg.net/img/8av0.jpg
Lol https://www.cbssports.com/soccer/news/a-dallas-fc-under-15-boys-squad-beat-the-u-s-womens-national-team-in-a-scrimmage/
Why would you watch women’s soccer when you can see the same if not better athleticism with boys high school soccer?
https://www.wsj.com/articles/womens-world-cup-tv-viewership-is-on-a-record-pace-11561204801

Only about 25% the viewership of the men's World Cup, but still estimated to have a billion people watch this year.
It’s called football you yank
i must admit, i busted my nut to hopesolo, she surelived up to the solo in her name
Andy Dick
Well ugly women become feminists, feminists hate Trump so....
The ugliness begins in their hearts and works its way out.
“She”
They first have to win which I highly doubt with the strong european countries left, including the winner of the european championship The netherlands who already have beaten Canada and Japan.

And with the ego of the us women, not meant badly towards the female pedes here, I hope they lose in the final.

Trump already tweeted out they are now officially invited, win or lose.
“Her”
Sounds like you've got some daddy issues
Ugh dude you watched this shit? How the fuck? It's so fucking boring.
“Her”
There are no MAGA girls there.  [Jaelene Hinkle was cut because she didn't want to wear a pride jersey.](https://www.outsports.com/2019/5/3/18527844/uswnt-jaelene-hinkle-women-soccer-world-cup-homophobia-roster-pride-jersey-christian-religion)  Since then she has been attacked as a homophobe.  The team has a core of out players and coaching staff, players like their captain pictured above, and they made if clear there is a political test a player has to pass in order to play on the USWNT.
“She”
KNEW another pede woulda seen that too ;)
Your comment was automatically removed because you directly linked to an outside subreddit or other user. This rule was put in place by Reddit admins because they don't want our users "interfering" in other communities.  Moderators will review for approval

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/The_Donald) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I've been going through and reporting all the violent and bigoted comments to try and seal the deal on them. They make it too easy!
Normally i would agree with you, but in this case i would allow it. Rapinoe comes off as a type of person who fights for trannie rights, so it would be hilarious to see her lose her position on the team to a man.
Because there has never been a conviction.  Rich people are constantly bombarded with bullshit accusations.  People are fishing for settlement money.  Invent a good enough bullshit story and the rich person's lawyers will throw some money your way.

It's a fact that this happens, even to innocent men and women.  The fact that the President is both rich and in a position of political power means that even more people are trying stupid sexual assault accusations against him, either for money or to hurt him politically.
Anderson Cooper

nasty woman
seriously, when did he start playing soccer?
Looks a little too manly to be Anderson Cooper.
I can't unsee it I need to bleach my eyes
KEK
...without his makeup on.
I don't know who he is, but I'm pretty sure this is some other guy.
It's jokes like this that keep me coming back.  TD is the realest place on the interwebs.
He is fascinating to talk to
Manderson Cooper
I thought it was her brother.
Yes, with a penis !!!
What better sums up our current timeline than this lol.
Hey, I'm offended by this.
Not liek dis
No, because Switch was actually pretty.
“I may be drunk, Miss, but in the morning I will be sober and you will still be ugly.”


Winston Churchill
Hooker with a penis
Why?
"The old ones were easy to spot, rubber skin".
Then you probably wont matter either?
hey, if you were dead you'd probably be pretty pissed too
Wymyn.
[removed]
IT'S MA'AM!
The right only has one joke and they repeat it constantly.
South park reference. :D
I'm talking about EVERYWHERE, the "fashion" is to look like an ugly boy as much as possible. I see it everywhere, the "bull dyke" look.

A LOT of women need to take a good hard look in the mirror and ask themselves, "Does this REALLY look good?". Because the short scruffy unkempt look doesn't.
Mate I keep hearing ads on spotify for the Aussie womens soccer team, I didn't even know we had one, hopefully one kicks her in the face
[removed]
Self respect is a thing, you do know that right?
&#x200B;

 [https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/1143892326286266368](https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/1143892326286266368)
Bullshit. Almost the entire women's national team filed a *muh wage discrimination!!* suit against U.S. Soccer a couple months back. Even though the women's league generates ***far*** less revenue than the men's league, they're bitching about equal pay. It's like Johnny-gold-album bitching about the recording company paying Joey-ten-times-platinum more money.
Yea, well, it only takes one person to ruin shit for people and this one lady made women's soccer a joke.
Not true at all. They're all feminazis.
imagine being the ugly one on a woman's soccer team.
HNNRRRRRRRRR
No Alex Morgan or Mal Pugh?  For shaaaaamme.
[removed]
Yeah they don't even have skimpy outfits like beach volleyball, if I'm not gonna see sporting skill at least show some ass
Because boys high school soccer isn't their end all be all - the women playing top level football have put their lives on the line.  Increases the real drama of the game, which is as important in my viewing as athleticism.
I don't care,  soccer is a boring sport anyways. American football is way more interesting.
[removed]
"Soccer was invented by european ladies so they could have something to do while their husbands made dinner."
Name me one other individual that has been accused 19 times and wasn't eventually found out to be a monster.  One.  This is a clear case of where there is smoke there is fire.  

Same with Clinton.  This isn't a partisan issue.
Cooper is a domestic CIA propaganda asset.  Change my mind.
With phoney tits...
Nastyson Cooper
This made me laugh.

Spez: what happened to the spez button?
It’s his son AC jr.
May I recommend hotties for Trump?
Men have periods too!
Debatable, but to each their own. Trinity was hotter for sure and that black chick the dude from Oz was with were the two stunners.
Ugly and offensive! But couldn’t play any offense in open play against Spain. US women’s soccer sucks!! Offensively and defensively!
I’d be voting democrat, too.  😡
3 comments on T\_D in your entire reddit career and you are going to jab me for calling a lesbian dike unattractive? Eat a dick, I know you love them.
Yeah I have noticed it too. Look at what happened to the likes of Katy Perry and Maddow. They were pretty girls who went out of their way to appear less attractive.



I think these people feel guilty about being who they are. They think beauty is a ‘privilege’ and desperately want to somehow show the world how much they disapprove of ‘privilege’ in all its forms.


Leftism is a mental illness.
Lot less women wear skirts or dresses. Went to Korea this spring and it was night and day. Looked liked everyone was going out Fri night, in the middle of the day on Wed.
I've noticed a sharp uptick in this look with the under 30 years old crowd especially with out of shape of women. It's as if they look in the mirror and decide hey I look like a fat dude, so why not go all the way with this look.
The Aussie team are great and totally wouldn’t lose 7-0 to an under 15 boys team: https://www.dailymail.co.uk/sport/football/article-3609949/Matildas-lose-7-0-Newcastle-Jets-15s-Rio-Olympics-warm-up.html
full of freon
How is dressing the way you want, even if it looks bad to other people, not having self respect? Those women are obviously happy with the way they look and if you and other men don't like it that's your problem not theirs.
THIS always gets me. Women as a group control 87% of the Consumer Spending in the USA. The largest MOST powerful economy in the entire history of the WORLD. But the radical leftist women still complain. Definition of PIGS.
Outside of olympic events, how many people honestly watch women's soccer.

It'll be more interesting when our men's b-team transitions to women and dominates.
NFL players have done plenty of stupid shit and people still watch it.

People don't watch women's soccer because it's simply not as good as men's soccer. Same goes with almost all sports.
You are too kind. It has always been a joke. This dude just added fire to the shit flames.
“Lady”
[removed]
I disagree.
Unless it's police. It's, "Just one bad apple."  lol Sad.
Your comment was automatically removed because you linked to an anti-Trump domain. Please use archive.is for this website so we do not give them any undeserved traffic.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/The_Donald) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Tagged and recorded for what, fascist shill? I thought leftists like pedophiles.
Hank Hill!
You're FASCINATING to talk to.....
He's descended from slave holders.  Let's ask him what he's gonna kick in for reparations.
He hasn't denied it, and hasn't been found innocent of it, so yeah.  And a pedo too.  Hasn't been disproved.
and the heir to the Vanderbilt fortune
How’s a 100% anti ‘white’ MMO yet dyes her hair blond and shaves her eye brows to appear ‘pure aryan’ but her eyes brown as mahogany.  She forgot her jet blue eye contacts

When she gets that taken care of she’ll be promoted as a High Templar of the Anti white European and mass migration replacement Hitler council.
Spaz went full retard
Same thing that happened to the deport button. Reddit sucks.
Ohhhh thanks for actually clarifying
Sometimes my butthole bleeds when I poop. I guess that's the same as having a period.
Yeah, but her ass got FAT. Look at her in the most recent Jessica Jones series, I'm sure the audio guy has a hard time editing out the beeping when she walks backwards. He deserves an Emmy just for that.
Haha this is all you got after you looked up my profile for a few minutes? So opinionated. Wow..
That's because Koreans, well Asians in general, have respect for family and self respect beaten into them from birth. Our country? Nah just do what ever who cares.
Whatever is easiest. Male gaze is evil, and there are so many on Twitter I see these days saying "How do I get men to not look at me?"
ahahaha nice, Aussies love people givin us shit.
> How is dressing the way you want, even if it looks bad to other people, not having self respect?

Seriously?

For anyone following along, this is a shining example of why our society is where it is right now. Zero self awareness coupled with zero self respect.
thank you feminism for amplifying the worst of female nature and muting the best of female nature
Volleyball gets on in a technicality, even though men’s volleyball is way more intense.
Not me, eff the NFL.
I disagree. The women don't lay on the floor for ten mins hoping for a foul, they play their hearts out. And as a man I also prefer watching women than men play anyday. I don't understand men watching men in tight uniforms playing a sport. Watch beach volleyball, tennis, or gymnastics and tell me again you prefer men.
You couldn't be more wrong. Donald Trump is the greatest president to ever serve in the United states. Eat a dick
I disagree with you - the rest of US women's soccer absolutely needs to feel the repercussions of the disrespect this blonde dude is showing toward our country. Peer groups need to self-police their members and in that, the US women soccer teams have clearly failed.
No one on here has ever threatened police. We're the only ones on reddit defending them but go ahead and be ignorant.  Even dead fish go with the flow.
Funny I didn't know Roger Stone had transitioned to a woman and got on crack till I saw that
Hahahahahah
And Ben Affleck too.
Who are you talking about?  A Cooper?  I wouldn't be surprised in the least if he was a pedo.  

He's definitely descended from slaveholders.  After all, his mother is a Vanderbilt.  That is southern royalty.  No doubt they had slaves.  Let him cough up some reparations.
T_D PSA: Never go full retard.
Holy fuck lmao, you need Chipoltle Away^(tm)
Nope, that's colon cancer.
may i suggest a little prep H?

worked for me.
>	editing out the beeping when she walks backwards

omfg I’m just laughed so hard milk came out of my nose. and i wasn’t even drinking milk...
You act like having an opinion is bad. Get off the farm, its okay to like and not like something. I like what I like, I have opinions because I am human.
[removed]
Playing with the boys!
Gymnastics too.
> Gymnastics too.

Trying watch uneven bars live.  Crazy.  Saw a double flip dismount the other day.  It's *way* better than TV.
There's no such thing as men's sports. Anyone can play in the big time if they are good enough: NFL, NBA, Formula 1, Darts, Snooker, Skiing etc.
That's a woman's sport.
women's volleyball has some of the finest women in sport
I understand where you're coming from, but you're the minority. Men's sports are generally more intense because they are the stronger of the species... despite them acting like babies on the field in soccer.

Obviously women in tight clothing are fun to look at. But I watch sports for the sport... if I want to see semi-nude women, I have the internet. And if you have an issue with football because men are wearing tight clothes, you have issues.

You will never convince me that women's basketball, for example, is just as entertaining as men's basketball.
> I don't understand men watching men in tight uniforms playing a sport.

Yea man, if I cant even masterbate to your sport, why even bother? /s
You're a moron. You must be an inbred from the South. You can't read or comprehend. Try it again.
Larry David, John McCain, Barackkk Obama.
Def a pedo.  You can just tell just by listening and watching him.  He's fruity in a really demonic way. 

Interesting about his ancestry...let the autists get to work on that one.
Okay, let me rephrase. You assume so much. You insult people by saying something that you dont know is true but also something you think is bad? Like a dude liking dicks. If you think that's bad, then I feel sorry for you.
The fact you are so willfully unaware of what actual self respect is is amazing and only highlights my original comment.
And their balls
Woman's sport.
What a fag.
I tought y'all were tolerant?  Loser....
Have you ever watched Men’s gymnastics in the Olympics? It’s impressive as hell.

But I personally prefer the gracefulness of the women’s.
Who the fuck is, "Y'all?" I'm not no pussy liberal, Fucktard. I just don't like the fuckin pigs. I wish all of them death on duty. Fuck them. I'm here for the pig shit talkin party.
Everyone should thank her for the weapons grade meme material she just handed over for free.
Empty parking lots really make her emotional

[https://www.bizpacreview.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/06/GettyImages-982939278.jpg](https://www.bizpacreview.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/06/GettyImages-982939278.jpg)
Thats me every dang sunday at breakfast
No Tendies Sunday
Tell me about it, i live in NY where the nearest chick fil a is an hour away...i was in dallas for buisness like a month ago and brought the wife with me too. We had a nice hotel with a chick fil a in walking distance and we went there 4 out of the 7 days we were there...well, it wouldve been 5, but on the last day, right before driving to the airport, we were going to stop at the chick fil a and boom...it was closed. Sunday. It got me. We were so bummed, my wife wanted to cry and i went hungry that day. I feel the pain. I understand it.
Even tendies need a Day of Rest
She looks like Miranda Sings
The meme potential these pictures create is off the charts. Bless the photog who released them. This person might as well be a cardboard cutout. It’s so true that the memes write themselves!
Please let this be the meme of the month of July
She is such a caricature.
Funnier if it said "Saturday"
These photos are gold.
AOC Visits Concentration Camp  


 [https://imgur.com/a/W5ZEIqE](https://imgur.com/a/W5ZEIqE)
Want that look Pedes? Get AOC's watch seen here. Only $695:

https://www.movado.com/us/en/shop-watches/modern-47-0607403.html
Stunning and brave
Hahahahaha
yep. the closest one to me in NJ is the new Parsippany one and that place is a freaking madhouse still.
What a total moron AOC is!
She does look like a fast food chain manager, but that's about it.
I swear to god, looking at this picture is like witnessing the birth of something great .. a new and superior meme.
Link for the .png cutout of her....?
These are fantastic, keep them coming
I use to think she was delusional. I am happy to know that she is just another fraud!
She’s dressed in all white. What a racist
Holy shit can you post the transparencies of this? This is better than sad cats
They ran an ad on a Sunday once. That is some sick sadistic shit right there.
This was me this sunday in fact lmao
10/10 would quarantine again
Did she ever respond to the official from Poland who offered to show her real concentration camps?
She looks reluctant to swallow.
https://imgur.com/BcHWC5l
She needs to visit Russian, Chinese or any shithole under sharia law's immigration detention facilities before going full retard
FUCKING OUTSTANDING OP!
She looks like a 13 year old girl that just got her cell phone taken away
Oh please make this meme spread.
excellent
To think that there are people who are fooled into supporting her by emotional displays.  While I could cynically assume they are just displays, I think she is stupid enough to really feel that way.  Either way, you would have to have never encountered a child to be suckered into giving her what she wants.  The night you have to sit through a child having a meltdown because you won't give them a box of cookies in the middle of the night, you realize that being "mean" in the face of emotional distress is often the adult thing to do.
I really think she could access a more intense lipstick, maybe something in neon
This from that show miranda sings or something? The pilot was garbage.
Perhaps if it was in Church on Sunday instead, it might not be weeping!

Commie horror AOC
Fantastic 👌🏻
Is that Miranda Sings?
i want more memes like this. quality
She's not the maid we wanted, but she's the maid we've got.
What is that picture of her crying from?
She is a really REALLY bad actor.
Wtf was she really weeping like that? I mean, really? REALLY?
The Bible explains in Exodus you have to buy two Chick-fil-a sandwiches on Saturday so you will have one for Sunday.
Does she have any crying pics from 2016?  Those would come off as a little more sincere.
It’s funny that she’ll go there but turned down an invitation to tour ACTUAL concentration camps in Poland.
It is probably just me, but I see this thing as a 4 pane comic with the sub's... 

"Look at you looking at me feeling the need for good wholesome food!"

"Look at me, looking at you, looking at me feeling the need for good wholesome food!"

"Ahh shitaco's, it's Sunday and wholesomeness is closed! Son of Marx, people are noticing me here drooling. OK AOC, you know what to do when caught in embarrassing situations... .." 

"*chanting* If I can't see them, they can't see me; If I can't see them, they can't see me;"
Any chance anyone has the Fallout/AOC meme saved that they could post?
I want my spicy chicken sandwich!!!
OH YES LOOK ANGRY! NOW FAKE CRY!! OH YEEEEEEEEEES THAT'S THE MONEY SHOT! HERE'S YOUR TIP! THAT YOU AS A BARMAID ARE USED TOO!!!!!
The grilled nuggets I had this evening was delicious
Where is the video of this moment? Everyone has an HD camera in their pocket and this dramatic moment was happening and NO ONE recorded it? Come on.
Spicy memes 🔥
Lmao hahahhahahahhahahaa
Man, I wish I could upvote this twice.
I feel this meme deep in my soul.
I RELATE TO THIS
This is awesome.
This. She's gold Jerry! Gold!
Dude, this comment is better than the meme.
Does anyone have the cutouts? 

Is there a github of meme material/images?  Want to start one?
Christ, I'm sick of New York politicians coming down to the border to virtue signal.
Blocked link..


[Me](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KqRPOEa3P44) every Sunday at ChickFila
REEEEEEEEEEE
best gunnit leaking again
I made cheeeeeeeeeese!
Haha yes omg TY!
I mean...damn...every time I see her stupid fake face in that beautiful blue sky it just cracks me up for some reason!
To the top with you!
They take payments...  😂
LMAO
The left can't meme because they are the meme.

Also it feels like there's new downvote bots here since the quarantine.
https://twitter.com/aoc/status/1010943953837805569?lang=en
Yellow Cake Gold!
Such an actress! Leave Cingress and go to Hollywood
Why they're even going outside of their district aside from DC and pandering to people across the country is beyond me. 

Oh wait it's not, they're all virtue signaling morons.
Try these - all the same image:

[https://www.gannett-cdn.com/media/2018/06/26/USATODAY/USATODAY/636656538726993674-cortez.JPG](https://www.gannett-cdn.com/media/2018/06/26/USATODAY/USATODAY/636656538726993674-cortez.JPG)

[https://st1.uvnimg.com/bf/77/d8d406bb40698558c0c3fd5cb618/gettyimages-982939278.jpg](https://st1.uvnimg.com/bf/77/d8d406bb40698558c0c3fd5cb618/gettyimages-982939278.jpg)

[https://d.newsweek.com/en/full/996725/gettyimages-982939278.jpg](https://d.newsweek.com/en/full/996725/gettyimages-982939278.jpg)
This kills me every time I watch it 🤣
I. Was. A. CHEESEMAKER!
ye it's strange. But to be honest: in max 1 year we're on a new platform anyways. It's not about the platform it's about the people like you and me (<3 but no homo) and the content. So I say: who cares
I like reddit because there's a lot of normies here that we can red pill. That's why reddit is pushing us so hard to leave. Unfortunately I agree within 1 year we're on a new platform.
God damn!  They're making Miami great again!  Bless their hearts!
Mostly latinos too...well CNN won't be showing that
Awe that does my heart good tonight..We love Miami-pedes!
Damn.. i'd move to miami..
Considering the size of Dems rallies, there is guaranteed to be more people showing up to the Trump rally than the actual debate 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Dear Lord babe Jesus, with your small hands. All swaddled in a manger.  Please let this become a thing!
#Nice
Need to get some BBQ going on down there.
AWESOME 😆
I tried to make a text post about this earlier but it wasn’t allowed through.  Still can’t find all the hate and calls to violence that people were talking about, but there is plenty of it in other subs.
The crazy part- they are suppressing those numbers
Against hate subreddits was having a party over this quarantine. They were talking about how forcing users to confirm an email address to use TD would prove that prior to the quarantine that we were just a bunch of Russian bots, and that our comment/upvotes would trend down to reflect this. 

I encourage EVERYONE who still wants to prove the fascists wrong to verify your email address, upvote every post you view and COMMENT. Show the communists we are VERY real and that this stunt does NOT phase us. 

🇺🇸 God bless you all and God bless America 🇺🇸
Ha, yeah I subbed when I saw you were quarantined :P
You have to multiply those numbers by 10 to get a closer representation of our head count
756,5451 readers
42,610 now

(4:45 CDT)
8k new subs in 10 hours. God Bless America.
its gawkers from drama subs.
The biggest problem is we cant fucking pin now
I think Spez found a nice cock holster.
Those are rookie numbers.
I only read T\_D and I haven't seen any calls to violence ever.  I will occasionally see calls for hanging for treason but the losers on politics are way worse.
There were no calls to violence. That was just an excuse to quarantine the dom.
The posts are usually viewable if you sort by NEW.  Our Mods do a good job of cleaning them up though.  However given how active our sub is and how many plants come in, it's impossible to catch them all before an admin can come by and cause a fuss.
The quarantine seemed to bypass some code that broke "users here now/winners online".
They are REALLY suppressing those numbers...if only there was a way to find out what they truly are...
Where's the Nicholson gif?!?
I don’t think that’s accurate. Somewhere short of 800K is probably true. Read some deep dives on the issue and it’s consistent with the views I get for the YouTube content I post here weekly.
Yeah like the people calling for Kavanaugh’s daughters to be murdered, Trump’s family be killed, conservatives be dozed and ambushed, plus a ton of other calls for violence against conservatives.  And they say we are the hateful ones
They're pointing to don't comments made about taking up arms to help assist militias in Oregon who want to defend the Republican are officials who are hiding from the vote was have been told the police will be used to force them back. I read them.... They were a little over the top and you could tell an emotional reaction, but nothing like what I've seen in other subs.
[removed]
And what about punishing/banning the individuals if there was? Isn’t that a more appropriate way to deal with a few individuals out of 750,000? It is ridiculous that they think we can’t see through this nonsense.
I've seen at least 10 comments in other subs saying they subbed today.  I am sure will have a huge jump.
So what was the end result of them masking the 6M subscribers we had a while back? Was that an honest error on their part?
ding ding ding,  We have a winner.  I can't stay on politics for more than 3 minutes because of the cancer tier violence and threats.  It is all projection.  If I was a smarter man, I would have screenshot and saved every threat I saw on politics.  I would have gigabytes I could report.
Reading comprehension isn't your strong suit is libertard?

Context is everything, your liberal english teacher failed you badly.
Oh yeah...this sub is not going to stay up long...at all.  It will disappear like the Q subs did.
Apparently, 6 million (very strange number) is the value reported for every sub by default. If the sub count fails due to a bug or glitch it reports 6 million. Disappointing I know. But 800k is still pretty healthy! And the influence of the sub is all the mire remarkable.
No way.  There will be 100 new subs created.  You cannot get rid of 4 million people. They will make Reddit miserable
Reddit Admins cut the number by ten in order to reduce the amount of posts on the front page of /all. Under advertising analytics, TD has been over 6 million subscribers for a few years now, and upvoted posts will show roughly 10% of actual upvotes.
Hola Amigo. (Sorry  fell r the Spanish,I was watching the el presidential debate)
Welcome fren!
Welcome. 😘
This is why we need actions now by POTUS or someone to drive the anti-trust investigation home and break up these tech tyrants.
I'm a new member too, against censorship and supporting Donald Trump
We are glad you’re here!
Welcome.
Welcome! 

Cheers!  🍺🍺
Welcome, friend! We love you.
¡Bienvenido amigo!
We all should have the right to have a voice and a community online.
Sup. I only really care about free speech because we won’t have any real rights without it. I’m with you.
> Myspace

Nah B.  Tom is the man
Welcome to party!
We are glad you are here!
glad too have you!
When the Spanish got busted out, my wife and daughters started laughing incredulously. Truly a cringe moment.
Lol legit should we make a MySpace page. I joined basically after it died but couldn’t delete my account 😂 
Can you even do that on MySpace?
It wasn't even a moment, it was a damn theme!  One after the other, the Spanish just kept coming.  Unbelievable, the levels they'll go to to pander, what a joke!
Bookers face when Beto busted out the spanish - He's like *you stole my idea you little cocksucker*

I mean, he always has the wide-eyed crazy look, but it was especially prominent in that moment
They're pandering for the votes of the illegals who live in the sanctuary cities where they actually allow illegals to vote. Fucking pathetic.
Wonder what the response would be if this was posted in redacted?
The craziest thing is that the delusional brainwashed NPC's will support this ban, yet love Tyrion and think this quote is amazing. They will even claim that they support "free speech", they will just come up with some convoluted mental gymnastics and explain how opinions they don't like isn't really "speech".
This quote got me interested in the show.

He doesn't say it in the show.

I guess it's only in the books.

Too spicy for TV!
Imagine being so weak-minded that you would rather censor those who disagree with you than risk having an argument. 

An important lesson from this - people who never have to struggle through difficult times (and consequently adapt) usually do not mature, but instead become adult children. An adult child would rather think in make-believe than risk the embarrassment that they were wrong.
The left: *It isn't censorship if we claim they are promoting violence.*
Response.
They are feeling satiated tonight...  
Seeing us shut down amid accusations of violent speech, their 
‘need to feel morally superior’ cup runeth over.  
The irony is that they actually ARE violent.
Right on, throw their fake hollywood bullshit right back in their cuck faces.
Judging from how my inbox looks, tone-deaf totalitarian impotent internet rage.
You make the incorrect assumption that the bought-in denizens of the Left have the capability for connecting logic and real-world events or basic introspection. They have neither. They will simultaneously agree with such a sagacious quote, while saying TD should be silenced, and not even have the capacity for realising the connection, even if you tell it to them.
or pics
Burn down the city
I support FREE SPEECH just not HATE SPEECH

Translation: 

I support MY THOUGHT just not OPPOSING THOUGHT
Tyrion in the books, I just finished the first one, starting on second, is quite different than the show.
It isn't wrong if it serves a greater good! :)
✅ Punching

✅Pepper Spray

✅Bike Lock

✅Curb stomp

✅Mass shooting

✅Skull crush

✅ Lighter

✅Egging

✅Tuna

✅Milkshake

❎Speech
In other words, they're NPCs.
"I support free speech BUT..."

Anything after that you can consider to be nonsense.
😁 HELP 😁 US 😁 HELP 😁 YOU 😁 OR 😁 ELSE 😁
Resistance is futile
Oh my God!  You killed brick bot!  YOU BASTARDS!
They will never take our coats.
I'll still give you a brick, op.
I was but a lowly cheese maker
Then they came for the copypastas.
No brakes !!!
brick ?

beto ?
Unleash that rage and Start looking for and archiving posts advocating for violence on left wing subreddits.
MOAB the censors!
You know I'm saving this for the copypasta!!!
Grab your coat, load up the Trump train with bricks, and build a wall to make Beto cry!
Brick 


Testing one two 

Brick bot
**FOR THE LOVE OF GOD GET THIS PATRIOT A BRICK! THAT'S 146109 BRICKS HANDED OUT!**

We are at **20.5791221632628073305486464%** of our goal to **BUILD THE WALL** starting from Imperial Beach, CA to Brownsville, Texas! Let's make sure everyone gets a brick in the United States! For every Centipede a brick, for every brick a Centipede!

At this rate, the wall will be **1606.60998275801025079224496 MILES WIDE** and **428.175925654838233107647676 FEET HIGH** by tomorrow! **DO YOUR PART!**  
  
^^brick ^^bot ^^is ^^feeling ^^under ^^the ^^weather, ^^so ^^coat ^^distribution ^^will ^^be ^^performed ^^on ^^a ^^volunteer ^^basis
#FOR THE LOVE OF GOD GET THIS PATRIOT A COAT!!!!!
We've handed out more than 7,000,000 coats since the inception of this domreddit, which is enough to cover nearly 33.354% of Rosie O'Donnell's disgusting abdomen .  
  
^^Coat ^^bot ^^is ^^feeling ^^under ^^the ^^weather, ^^so ^^coat ^^distribution ^^will ^^be ^^performed ^^on ^^a ^^volunteer ^^basis
**FOR THE LOVE OF GOD GET THIS PATRIOT A BRICK! THAT'S 146111 BRICKS HANDED OUT!**

We are at **20.5791221632628073305486464%** of our goal to **BUILD THE WALL** starting from Imperial Beach, CA to Brownsville, Texas! Let's make sure everyone gets a brick in the United States! For every Centipede a brick, for every brick a Centipede!

At this rate, the wall will be **1606.60998275801025079224496 MILES WIDE** and **428.175925654838233107647676 FEET HIGH** by tomorrow! **DO YOUR PART!**  
  
^^brick ^^bot ^^is ^^feeling ^^under ^^the ^^weather, ^^so ^^coat ^^distribution ^^will ^^be ^^performed ^^on ^^a ^^volunteer ^^basis
Right back at you, pede! And a coat for good measure!
Practice your shootin', it's **Vladimir Putin!** I won't be repeating it. My wife and I sold our wedding and engagement rings to buy guns and gun training courses. We won't let them take our ethnic neighbors some day. We all need to train ourselves to protect our democracy before it's too late. It sucks that I wake up crying every day now because this is our world. I wasn't meant to be a soldier I was a cheese maker . I made fucking cheese. But now I'm a soldier thrown into some Hitler remake god it's awful. That's **7,502** pounds of **CHEESE** lost so far. Time to cry myself to sleep.
[WE JUST CAN'T STOP WINNING, FOLKS! THE TRUMP TRAIN JUST GOT 10 BILLION MPH FASTER!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hgM2xN5TPgw#87149385117000)

**CURRENT SPEED: 87,149,385,117,000 MPH!**

At that rate, it would take approximately 19.238 years to travel to the Andromeda Galaxy (2.5 million light-years)!
**FOR THE LOVE OF GOD GET THIS PATRIOT A BRICK! THAT'S 146110 BRICKS HANDED OUT!**

We are at **20.5791221632628073305486464%** of our goal to **BUILD THE WALL** starting from Imperial Beach, CA to Brownsville, Texas! Let's make sure everyone gets a brick in the United States! For every Centipede a brick, for every brick a Centipede!

At this rate, the wall will be **1606.60998275801025079224496 MILES WIDE** and **428.175925654838233107647676 FEET HIGH** by tomorrow! **DO YOUR PART!**  
  
^^brick ^^bot ^^is ^^feeling ^^under ^^the ^^weather, ^^so ^^coat ^^distribution ^^will ^^be ^^performed ^^on ^^a ^^volunteer ^^basis
They can't hear you now. They've moved beyond this realm.
^ This.
But don't bother reporting them to mods. Send them to any sympathetic media.
##Some brave patriot has called in a **MOAB** strike! Vice President Mike ***'The Silver Fox'*** Pence has heard your request and has deployed the MOAB! That's **53,762,400** pounds of **FREEDOM** dropped so far! Thanks to the efforts of supporters like you, ISIS is now ***WASWAS***!
Sadly MOABbot has been decommissioned
How about QUAD BRICKS!

#**[QUAD DAMAGE!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uG6oBC0Ym5)**
**FOUR BRICKS! FOOOOOOOOUUUUUUR! LADIES AND GENTLEMEN, THIS CENTIPEDE IS ABOUT TO DOMINATE!!!**
**THAT'S 133760 BRICKS HANDED OUT!**
We are at **18.8399223899994052928942080%** of our goal to **BUILD THE WALL** starting from Imperial Beach, CA to Brownsville, Texas! Lets make sure everyone gets a brick in the United States! For every Centipede a brick, for every brick a Centipede!
	
At this rate, the wall will be **1470.83083262868187331269120 MILES WIDE** and **391.989568097511170233518720 FEET HIGH** by tomorrow! **DO YOUR PART!**
I fucking love you fam!
God bless you fellow Patriot!
Nicely done!
#FOR THE LOVE OF GOD GET THIS PATRIOT A COAT!!!!!
We've handed out more than 7,000,001 coats since the inception of this domreddit, which is enough to cover nearly 33.355% of Rosie O'Donnell's disgusting abdomen .  
  
^^Coat ^^bot ^^is ^^feeling ^^under ^^the ^^weather, ^^so ^^coat ^^distribution ^^will ^^be ^^performed ^^on ^^a ^^volunteer ^^basis
Our bots are in a better place now, with Tay.
So... OANN? Maybe Paul Joseph Watson?

Stephen Crowder and Ben Shapiro might be interested too. Much bigger audiences.
Kek.  God bless you, Patriot!
And Harambe. Dicks out.
Tim Pool
This is what happens when you say Americans are bad people for loving their President. This is what happens when the most law biding citizens are smeared and state you will harm LEO. WE love our LEO and their families for keeping us safe. Blue lIves Matter
I’m new! Just saw an article on Drudge and said oh hell naw... click. (That’s a mouse not a gun threat   /s)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Streisand_effect
Nearly 60k
Does anyone know how many subscribers we had today before the ban?
The rest of reddit as they watch our sub count grow:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RM6EHcPFKCQ
5k by midnight
#IT'S TOO LATE.

#YOU CHOSE THE CHAOS CANDIDATE.

#SPEZ! YOU PILLOW BITER!
>LEO

For newcomers or old.

LEO = Law Enforcement Officers
###**FOR THE LOVE OF GOD GET THIS PATRIOT A COAT!**
We had over 6 million in 2017, this from their advertising portal.  Yes reddit has been fucking with the algorithms around T_D forever, right after this was leaked out they changed it to page views I belive and not subscribers in the ad area.

https://i.redd.it/ipjjdduqn3q21.jpg
How did you know Spez was a butt pirate?
And then everyone clapped and credits started rolling
How brave of our Congresswoman from NY to accost our border agents who enforce the laws Congress enacts.
Yeah EXCEPT it was all staged and she looks like an idiot... perhaps because she is an idiot
**Made eye contact.**

Everyone in photo has sunglasses on cause it's bright as fuck out there...
She complains but then LAST NIGHT when the House voted on more funding dollars to have what they need to care for all these illegals, SHE VOTED NO!!!
Notice how she didn't use the term "concentration camps" this time

keep going bitch, because if you got the chance to actually see one from the inside (you won't), you'll level down your rhetoric because in reality, they're mostly rec centers.
 

She is crying over an empty parking lot

[https://www.bizpacreview.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/06/GettyImages-982939278.jpg](https://www.bizpacreview.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/06/GettyImages-982939278.jpg)
AOC is full of shit.
There was an empty parking lot on the other side of that fence!!
I love the fact that you cant even see the alleged horrible conditions from her vantage point
Man she is such a weirdo. Who talks like that?
What a lying whore
Wow, didn't realize her NY district was near the Mexican border. Does she do a fucking thing for the people that actually voted for her?
Things that never happened for $800
"I made eye contact with him,

He rolled his eyes and said 'nice makeup, princess,

I posed for another crying picture,

went and got latte from starbucks."
Why are we pretending that we can somehow share a system of government with people whose goals are to dismantle our country? 

Democracy is fucking gay.
[deleted]
Using the colonialist English language, I spoke with my magic voice box by using the names that represent each individual and we used our magic eye cameras to face each other and our eye cameras met each other. I saw that inside his head where the eye cameras are attached he had a sense of guilt.  #resistcauliflower
The detention center is an empty parking lot?
she is advocating the overthrow of our government

&#x200B;

Now many people commonly misuse the term treason

but this is treason
Imagine if AOC went to an actual camp and posted pictures like this. Even if this wasn't staged, she's still a self centered bitch for posting pictures of herself crying so she will get what she wants

One thinks of too much to cry when they look at the flower beds where the barracks used to be.
We should dismantle it... let them sleep in the streets...  put the US citizen homeless in there im sure they will bitch less and appreciate it more than all those illegal immigrants.
Did she visit Obama’s cages?
To access this page I clicked "continue" on a page declaring this sub quarantined. Is this new?
\#AbolishAOC
Why is she focusing on illegals? She should be doing the American people’s business. Dems are f’ing useless.
I don't see no crisis here. Did she turn right instead of left from NY?
You're in Minnesota,  dear!
LOL.  She's a pandering psycho
"I didn't know AOC felt this way.....What am I doing?  I have to just let these poor people walk into the USA without limit.   I thought I knew myself.  Today I learned as much from AOC as she learned from me.  Thank GOD for her knowledge and wisdom."
She is a walking lobotomy.
Whats with them wearing white. Are they trying to come off as saintly. Damaged goods every one of tjem.
Yeah right. He probably told her how ignorant she was.
She rejected sending humanitarian aid wtf is this lady
Yeah dipshit, enforcing the border when a bunch of fucking criminal shitheads bring their children is a tough job. 

Nobody wants to do that shit. 

Which is why you should SUPPORT them. Not publicly shame them for enforcing the law.

She's such a fucking idiot.
She gets paid for this.
It should be mandatory for elected officials to serve our country in a branch of our armed forces to understand what they go through
"I saw his sense of guilt"

No you fucking forest troll you saw what it looks like when a man works a shit job for 60 hrs a week without getting overtime pay.
Thanks little Debbie Dipshit, but we don't want our country dismantled. 

You can go home now
Abolish ICE? The left gets retarded by the day.
And that's why we have the c-word.
She deleted it because she had a $600 watch on during these staged photos.

It's all political bullshit.

Obama said himself:  Don't come here on this dangerous journey.  Don't bring your children here.  Don't send your children here.  You will be sent home.
It's a damn shame that we are forcing people to try to illegally enter our country.  We should have wide open borders like every other country in the world.

Hold on.. okay i'm being told that literally every other country in the world aggressively defends their borders.  well.
>I saw his sense of guilt

Probably from her district and forgot to vote.
She is batshit crazy. She made up the whole thing.
I believe as a congressman calling for (via social media hashtag) the abolition of the entity that enforces our borders could be considered as a national security threat in all honesty and objectivity.
*"Using their names"* 


She's advocating targeted harassment via doxxing.
She is so far up her own ass it's incredible.
eye contact, nice. wait, isn't that assault?
Naw him looking at you "sense of guilt" was probably him deciding how fast he can find another job should he decide to break his foot off in your ass, sweetie.
You are so full of s*** AOC
I tried looking this up, but I couldn't find where she tweeted this. If she actually wrote this LOL.
Little bitch AOC
Guy probably felt guilt over not voting against whoever that moron ran against.
Is she going to chide herself for calling it a detention camp instead of a concentration camp?
she eats her own bullshit
Why don't we just get rid of law enforcement all together dems?
I thought these were concentration camps?   Democrats confuse me so much.
I don't get how people can get upset at the agents carryings out the laws that Congress has passed. Don't like it change the law, you are the branch responsible for making law. What a crock of shit.
She is going around abusing her power and threatening people again. She needs to be censured at least
What they are responsible for is keeping illegals out of the country. And they say there is not enough beds, food, toothbrushes at these centers but how much did they have crossing 3000 miles of desert? ,
She looked fucking ridiculous in those pictures
I thought these pictures were taken before she was going to run for congress?

Didn't some "photographer" already tweet them out saying that?
And that order patrol agents name? Albert Einstein
Is this from the fake photo shoot where it continues not to show what they’re looking at?
Oh good, glad to know she can add "body language expert" to her pristine resume.
Remember his name? I am sure he would love to talk again.
Nope.  This is a tweet from 6/24/**2018.**

And it's still up.  https://twitter.com/aoc/status/1010943953837805569?lang=en

But I guess lying is par for the course here.
The blowback on this is gonna be unprecedented. They've already proven that she's outside a parking lot, and the reverse angle photos that they didn't want you to see show she's a fraud.
He was probably looking guilty because he had just checked her out and she caught him looking. 😆
That just gave me the douche chills!
I agree. Abolish ICE..

..place the US Military along the border.. mine fields, dogs, robots, drones, sharks with freaking lasers mounted on their heads.
Sadly, fucklibs eat that sort of shit up
[removed]
Nmfbdjwoqjrbtbrjdnxhcjskdheisbejdhrha sjfjq
SPLOOSH
No, Joe! Not at the fence...!
[removed]
And then everybody clapped.
and what was the border agents name? ALBERT EINSTEIN
what you saw was his sadness that someone like you could be so misguided
Why would the guy who knows he's doing the right thing feel guilty that you're lying about the situation at the border? So either you want him to be guilty so badly that it colors your view of reality, or you're projecting your own guilt from being a power hungry liar onto him. Or most likely it's that making things personal and emotional (using names, making eye contact, speaking directly) and her call to unite against the issue are powerful propaganda tools that make her message seem more compelling (it's so important that she personally went to face it and she needs our help).
and then Shane rode off into the sunset
She should do jail cells and police officers next./
Abolish ICE? Isn't that threatening violence against a police force? Reddit admins, where are your ban hammers for her? /s
That border guard's name? Albert Einstein.
“I saw his sense of guilt” excuse me?
That's not an ice facility tho
stupid cunt
wow!  she's really watched too many dystopian movies!  she has this fantasy that she was put onto the earth to save the innocent.  her passion and fearlessness are her weapons, just like harry potter, the hunger games chick and the idiots in the divergences movies...

hollywood has done more to brainwash and damage people than anything "the government" has ever done!
Jesus
And just a blatant fucking lie.
-Who? 
Congresswoman Alexandra Ocas-
-Who cares?!
She's so amazing she can mind read now.
Apparently, there's a point where you can hurt yourself, physically, when virtue-signalling.
Does anyone else cringe at the way the left writes when they're trying to be dramatic? They use lots of short sentences, and a new line for everything.

Think about that for a second.

This can not keep happening.

Think of the children.

Let that sink in.

#singlehashtag
Do they just want to abolish ICE? Not even change its rules or whatever, but actually abolish it?

They do realize the C in ICE stands for "customs" right? Do they seriously not want any sort of customs enforcement? lol?
No, they won't make eye contact out of respect even though they want to scream at your dumbass for being a complete moron.
"I sAw HiS sEnSe Of GuIlT."
Who voted her in? 

These people need education.
Probably because she didn't want to DOX the border officers?
M
And the border agent said "Shut the fuck up you dumb retarded bitch"
So much projection, it's really obscene.  I mean it was funny, but I can only laugh at retarded people for so long.
There is a 100% effective means of not having people in these facilities, or jails, prisons etc.... STOP BREAKING THE LAW.
He was just looking at a deranged shrieking know nothing cunt.
The people responsible for being in those camps are sitting in those camps. Don't come here illegally and don't break the law if you don't want to be detained as a criminal. It's not rocket surgery!
You were at a parking lot with a fence a police car and a tree.  It was staged.  The pictures are all over Twitter of the staging.
WeWuZjUssFoLloWinOrDeRs
"That's a wrap! Great job AOC!" - Soros Handlers

Lets go find a gun manufacturer next and take some photos and video there.
Abolish AOC
I love how clownish the Dems are now 🤡
Wow she made eye contact and used their names. Did she also make them choose between plata o plomo?
These politicians have the smoothest brains ever don't they folks?
What the fuck is her problem
Isn't harassing LEOs a crime?    Lock that loopy cunt up
Man if I lived in a border state, and my back wasn’t totally fucked, I’d be looking to work for border patrol or ice. Those are honorable jobs
liberals are so cringe. lol
AOC sucks big dicks.
wow. if there was any doubt AOC has zero support from law enforcement, this comment definitely sealed the deal.
"...and then all the detainees stood and clapped"
Isn't this the empty parking lot that all these plctures are floating about.
AOC, you get more flies with rooftop rockstar selfie dances.
He said "No habla…"
She's horrible at poetry. The ending made no sense and was purposeless
And the name of that ICE agent.... Albert Einstein
Damn ICE for saving those poor kids from becoming sex slaves
...and then everyone clapped
>"Every child has the right to be smuggled by human traffickers and sold into sex slavery!"

- Democrats 2020
They are doing their job enforcing the laws that Congress passed!  If you don't like it, vote to change it
I threw up a little.
if she were any more full of shit, it'd be oozing out of her ears.
she's a retard
What is it with Democrats and dressing all in white? Did they attend a cross burning afterward?
Does this POS really think that people take her as serious? Where in the fuck did she grow up at? I really think that syphilis has eaten away at her brain
What a self promoting worthless cunt
For someone that wanted a Green New Deal, she sure flies around a lot.
You wore white, and turned up for a photo-op. You are retarded, and appear not to understand the complexities of the situation. Probably, the meth. 

&#x200B;

I actually don't think that many people are buying her line of bullshit. The MSM is rather good at making people believe that their position is both moral and popular, when in fact it's almost always neither.
How dare she assume the kids gender
Can you imagine just trying to do your job and this LOSER is trying to give you a hard time for attention?? How rude of her.
That totally happened I'm sure just as she said it did...
Abolish ICE.

Get fucked you literal retard.
God, she’s so fucking cringe
How did the horse face twat know their names?
It's not deleted: [https://twitter.com/AOC/status/1010943953837805569](https://twitter.com/AOC/status/1010943953837805569)  
It's so easy to search [https://search.twitter.com/](https://search.twitter.com/) to disprove the claim in this Reddit post
Defending putting little children in detention camps. That´s something.
its sounds like the daydreaming, elementary kids do, when they are sitting at their desk in class thinking about all the fantastic revenge scenarios where they get back and someone from earlier. 


/clownworld
[removed]
Then the border agent gave her $100.
And then I checked my $600.00 wrist watch, and suddenly sensed that he no longer gave a fuck about my fake morals.
The name of that border officer? 

*Albert Einstein*
*Don't you*

*forget about me*
then everyone got vaxxed and jerked off into each other's mouths while screaming, "I FUCKING LOVE SCIENCE!"
The officer's name? Albert Einstein.
Then I got quarantined and MAGA happened in 2020...
How dare she try to dismantle Obama's legacy!
deleted  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.1718
She's such an unbearable piece of shit
Better get her a raise!
Oh shit she is an AMERICAN politician? By the way she acted I thought she was from South America...
but notice she didn't call them concentration camps?  she named them properly, child detention camps.  so she is somewhat trainable, but she still shouldn't be allowed off the leash without a handler present.
Hopefully she was travelling with WayFair furniture
Are you saying YOU don't breakdown in tears when standing in front of gates?? Do you even human, bro?
The memes today of her are PRICELESS!
Remember, she did audition for this role
This is almost worse than the Paul Ryan washing clean pots thing.
We can dismantle their sunglasses.
How dare you use facts.
Except AOC. Can't get those sad eye photos with sunglasses on.
It's ok though, she could tell and totally sense his guilt because she used to work as a bartender.
Thats why she took it down

Honks all around
I guarantee she didn't last 5 minutes in the heat.
But now it's passed the house anyways I think.

https://thehill.com/homenews/house/450215-house-passes-45b-border-funding-bill?fbclid=IwAR3lkREp6Po9-ZEWjP2uYnzi3n3CYSS0TLLZzTczDmCwm8EycNUu7AuPPxE
It's really not contradictory at all. She complains, but her solution isn't to fund these centers to be more comfortable, it's to end them and let anyone freely walk into or country whenever they want.
I think we should start referring to them exclusively as Concentration Camps so when anyone calls BS on the analogy she ultimately owns that comparison.
That’s why she stayed outside behind the fences. It’s called plausible deliberate ignorance. Like the dems not going to actually read the unredacted mueller report.
This right here 🔺 she really is crying at an empty parking lot! While wearing her $1000 Gucci watch.
pic doesn't load
>She is an empty parking lot
Especially between her ears.
The axis of stupidity,AOC, Omar,and Tlaib
She probably cried because it didn't have a Starbucks.
Also the fence gate was open..saw it in a different picture.
I'm surprised there wasn't a CNN van there in the photo.
That Ford Focus on the other side just wanted to flee it's country and live a better life on American streets :*(
Because it is a car park
Commies hellbent on dismantling our country.
Democrats who know their audience of useful idiots.
She chased away Amazon, the potential thousands of jobs, and tens of millions of new revenue for her district. She's been busy.
>Does she do a fucking thing for the people that actually voted for her?

Yes. This is what those morons want. They are getting it. Whether or not it's in their best interest is another matter.
Lol underrated
[removed]
>Democracy is fucking gay.

Which is exactly why the founding fathers didn't design the USA to be a full blown democracy.
Wait, hold up.  Those were old photos?!?  I WAS DUPED!!
I gotta wonder. Did they intend to pass these off as new photos because they never anticipated Trump would succeed in getting greater border security?
We shouldn’t be housing them here at taxpayer expense. Send them back across the border immediately.
She was busy trying to remember whether the whiskey was ordered neat or on the rocks
They deny those cages or call it "whataboutism," lmao.

Disgusting hypocrites.
Yes. Reddit has finally locked down T_D as a precursor to removing it entirely as we approach the 2020 election.

We all knew this would happen.
Same
Yeah I got that shit too. Wish I had screen-shotted it, I didn't realize what it was until after I had moved on.
She deleted it. But it lives on,because stupid shit you post on the internet is forever.
I keep seeing this and don't get it. What'd I miss?
Your comment was automatically removed because you directly linked to an outside subreddit or other user. This rule was put in place by Reddit admins because they don't want our users "interfering" in other communities.  Moderators will review for approval

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/The_Donald) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Your comment was automatically removed because you directly linked to an outside subreddit or other user. This rule was put in place by Reddit admins because they don't want our users "interfering" in other communities.  Moderators will review for approval

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/The_Donald) if you have any questions or concerns.*
That sense of guilt's name?  ALBERT EINSTEIN
That whole photo op was cringe as fuck.
You mean like the two homo's did out in Colorado this past spring? Only they actually tried their little fantasy out and will now pay the price for it?

Like that?
L'esprit de l'escalier
[removed]
While Riley filmed it on his iPhone
This is all women's fantasy I've heard
And a cookie
She gave him a Pepsi.
then stripped off his uniform, set the uniform on fire and shouted "FUCK RONALD RUMPF!" and declared he was transitioning into a woman
Plus my Loboutin heels got all dusty.  Now someone from my staff is going to have to polish them for me.
Anita Sarkeesian. She needed the money.
*Hey! Hey! Hey! Heyyyyy!*
John Cocktoasten
My grandfather was a border patrol agent from the 50s through the early 80s. This was his exact mentality.  He felt bad for the people legitimately looking for a better life, but believed in enforcing the laws.  He was for strong border protection his whole life because even when he was on the Mexican border in the 50s, they had problematic people coming across, and he saw what they did.
It's not a raise! It's just a rising of her pay.
Those $600 watches don’t buy themselves!
There was even a sad, lonely Ford Focus on the other side of the fence. Poor fella just wanted to drive on the freest roads in the world.
I'm a heartless bastard... absolutely no sympathy for the oppression that gates apparently represent
I did, right after myself and my colleagues all dressed ourselves in all white.
I love this quarantined subreddit
I could have teared up if I had to watch Harambe die while standing at a gate.

That could definitely happen
Yes that are. What's more funny is it looks like the whole fiasco is backfiring as an insincere publicity stunt
What? Link?
We can rebuild them. We have the technology.
\#SUNGLASS(es?)LIVESMATTER
AOC 2024: Remember that meme they made out of my border visit in 2019? I want everyone even remotely involved with that bound, gagged and dumped in our newly built gulags.
No joke. Welcome to Texas.
Looks like a movado to me
I read it was a $600 watch, still tho....she's an idiot
Try these sources - all the same pic

[https://s.hdnux.com/photos/74/16/36/15787944/3/1024x1024.jpg](https://s.hdnux.com/photos/74/16/36/15787944/3/1024x1024.jpg)

[https://www.gannett-cdn.com/media/2018/06/26/USATODAY/USATODAY/636656538726993674-cortez.JPG](https://www.gannett-cdn.com/media/2018/06/26/USATODAY/USATODAY/636656538726993674-cortez.JPG)

[https://d.newsweek.com/en/full/996725/gettyimages-982939278.jpg](https://d.newsweek.com/en/full/996725/gettyimages-982939278.jpg)
poo poo brains just like her pal Ilhan Omar
Herr Cortez.
That was a really dick move btw. I'm surprised all of NY did not erupt in full blown riots after that.
Everyone needs to stock up on the 4 B's Bibles bullets beans and bandages. Start a garden even if it's a few buckets with tomatoes. We need to take care of ourselves.
b-but fighting back makes us ebul nazees??
Umm, what part of “I pledge allegiance, to the flag, and the United States of America, and the full-blown Democracy of mob rule, for which it stands” do you not understand, sweaty?
[deleted]
No need to screen shot it. T_D has been quarantined.
Wait what?
Wit of the staircase is similar. This is more like one of Ralphie's day dreams from Christmas Story
And then she found $5
She wanted a man...needed a man....yearned...for a man to take control
Rape is sexy.

^^^^^E_Jean_Carrol
Most people do find rape sexy, after all.
You are too fascinating.
Made me laugh in a quarantined kind of a way.
Lol
sipping soy milk to keep his arm strength up to hold the phone
Aren’t Riley’s hands a little too busy during the event to hold an iPhone?
No, she only gets a cookie if she eats her entire dinner tonight.
Then they started dancing
Recruiter: this job entails  lot of bossing people around.  You might have to get kinda mean. Think you could handle that?

Anita: *smiles*
Would you call it a *surprise pay increase?*
Just watched 'Cars' , this post hit hard in the feels.
They spend their entire life, stuck at the same place. Living a thankless, solitary life. Loved and remembered by none. \*sobs inconsolably\*
http://archive.is/S52bk
"I don't remember any meme like that"


"good answer, you passed the test"
😲
It is. Looks like one of the $500 Movados.
stop spreading fake news, it only costs $595!

&#x200B;

[https://i.imgur.com/8QJ8sah.jpg](https://i.imgur.com/8QJ8sah.jpg)
We're hUgGiNg and feeling eMoTiOnS that means what we're doing is iMpOrTaNt and RiGhTeOuS and cOrReCt!! YAY!
Thankfully the people we go against don't have guns unless they live in the hood
USA is not a democracy per se. It's a republic. There's a difference.
They are recent. You can't tell since she's wearing a $600 watch. What bartender buys a $600 watch?
The two school shooters in Colorado fantasized on social media about "getting even". So instead of actually talking about it, their piss poor excuses for parents made the situation worse with about the worst possible outcome, except they didn't die, they will now stand trial and be wards of the state for life.
And then she gave it away because Socialism
Preferably in a Bergdorf's dressing room
Lol her eyes lit up when she said it too. Fucking strange shit!
Well, if a leftie journo and a soon-to-be best seller author said it, must be true.
This.... Always this from now on. We must all learn this.
Needs more sinister.
I like you.  I'm going to wear a hazmat suit around you.
And a child supplied free pizza from his meager rations.
He only needs 3 fingers for that
Or donates blood.
They already made the perfect video game for her: [Papers, Please](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Papers,_Please)
We must praise Wall for all of His work He's done to protect us
"These are not the pedes you are looking for"
Only $500? Fuck, we should approve her raise then. I got a $10 casio, but I have never cried at a fence and empty parking lot, so I don't deserve a better watch.
Holy fucking shit. What an elitist hytpocritical dipshit. Does she think she can buy $600 gucci watches under communism?? Is she really this fucking dumb??
Untrue, they are and will use the power of the state against dissenters.
Yeah, I know… but look a little but more closely at my comment though.
A Democrat from a wealthy family. She had lots of money in the bank too. The whole “poor bartender from the Bronx” was a scam. She grew up in an upper middle class area of NY.
The photos were taken before she was elected. Virtue signaling is now her full time job
[removed]
Pathetic that the few remaining good people in Colorado have to pay for those freaks to live another moment. Swing, swing, swing.
And then in gratitude the people gave her a pay rise, because all people are equal, but some are more equal than others.
That's not how it works for the elites, they want socialism for the middle class and lower, not politicians and not the 1% which almost everybody who's served more than one term is included. The politicans talk about the 1%, lmao they for the most part are un that class. Fucking clown world.
Ha!  She wouldn't give away her own money!  She's expect you to take $5 out of your wallet!
Topical
I love Law & Order! :D
Then she hits on Anderson Cooper. That video is gold.
I think she was orgasming at the time she said it
Her "Fuck me daddy" eyes were some fascinating shit. Too bad Andy's gay.
Think of the fantasy!
Which he ordered with an iPhone XR.
Just one fist
#BuildThatGodDamnWall
Very true!
"I'm literally shaking"
>just wanted to punch up.

In what world do people believe a general rule for *stand-up comedy* also applies to social behavior and politics?

*HONK? HONK?*

That's right!
Four legs good

Two legs bad
For socialism to work, some body has to be on top.
LOL You speak truth!
I love this sub.
She thinks she is hot. There are a lot of deluded women that think they are better looking than they are.
No way is his fiddle big enough to need a fist
Four legs good


Two legs better
Enjoy it while it lasts 

&#x200B;

sadpepe.jpg
Her vagina is loose enough though
Two legs equal.

Four legs MORE EQUAL.
It will be ok, pede.
Chad's got that, he's filming and flogging Molly
Two legs enter.

One leg leaves.
The 2nd protects the 1st.
Agreed 100%!
I second the motion.
👌🏻🇺🇸🐸🇺🇸👌🏻
Preach
They're not letting me award this a platinum 🤔
👍🏼
FUCK REDDIT
This! Now more than ever.
As soon as there is another option to join this wonderful group of people somewhere else, I'm out!  I'll see y'all there.
Gotta like the hand shadow
Ah, I will never get tired of seeing this!
TOP KEK.
Why isn't this stickied?
The motion is seconded. All in support?
Aye!
Motion passed.
rocket ship this to front page pedes
Francis?  What have you done...
Such a puta.
Now that's got enough skateboard... Good Job!
This guy is easily one of the most pathetic politicians I've seen.
We have the best meme wars
The fact that the picture already had a skateboard with a Mexican sugar skull made me feel this was meant to be. 

Thanks for the love pedes, its my first meme of the year, my desire to meme for GEOTUS has improved my photoshop skills.
Dónde está la biblioteca?
highest cringe factor of any candidate, maybe even worse than Hillary
Mucho gracias, en mi por amor,  es epan ähken ook auch wenn ich spielen aufhören! Hochhieven!
Spez:  "We will block T\_D to prevent memeing the democrats."

T\_D: "Then we will meme in the shade!"
Has nothing to do with the debates.  Its all about "Preventing the next Trump situation."
The Democrat debates are going to be funny as hell.  23 morons all attacking each other and hoping they can convince their party to vote for them.
Look at the online now number 0_o I don't think it had the effect they were looking for hahahaha
Or, and hear me out, they did it because we shared the veritas video exposing Google. Google has a lot of power.
I agree with this
These fuckers don't get it. We've mastered not letting our memes be dreams. Clean your meme cannons & enjoy tonight's popcorn, boys. Barbreddit Streisand is about to realize this train has no brakes.
Do they really think this will stop us?
If they shut down meming in The\_Donald, then I guess the memes will have to be posted everywhere else.....
YES!  Remember Chuck Schumer?  'ENOUGH WITH THE MEMES' - We're STILL DOIN' IT!
Instead of having a few thousand active members, we’ll have over 40,000. Nice work Reddit!
Truth lmao!
Truthhhhhhhh
I dont think it's the memes. It's the post debate analysis generated that buries TD censorship coverage.
ha ha .... Great Rhetoric! 300 was awesome!
WE SHALL!
Why not just remake the sub and meme away.
You have a point.
I agree. Since the Pinterest and Google  bias and election meddling was exposed the entire big tech are playing their hand.

They were saving it until slightly closer to the election but the Project Veritas videos have forced them to react early.

Their early work has been successful, with little real reaction to deplatforming popular conservatives on YouTube, Facebook, Instagram and Twitter etc.  They are now expanding that success on an industrial scale
Getting the popcorn ready! ... it is going to be so much fun!
They were arguing over which free shit should be the most free last I checked.
Good Point! ...
The same crook that put new jersey into a nosedive.
Weird. My pocket sized constitution would disagree. So would the one in the Smithsonian, just a few blocks from where Cory works.
I didn’t know Cory Booker is a Reddit moderator.
It's difficult to put in succinct words how absolutely dangerous this belief is.  Under the guise of banning "hate speech", these neo-totalitarian socialists want only to silence anyone who disagrees with them.  It is Orwellian and it is a profound affront to our natural rights.  What scares me more than this buffoon making a mockery of the first amendment is the number of people in this country who willingly buy into this tripe.
SCOTUS says otherwise.
Wow, I’m so shocked to learn that Mr Booker doesn’t understand the bill of rights.

NOT!
He doesn't care about the part where it says SHALL NOT BE INFRINGED...
Freedom of speech isn't about the words that come out of your mouth. It is about the beliefs you have in your brain and your heart. That freedom is absolute. Yelling fire in a theater or bomb on a plane has nothing to do with expressing your beliefs.
This man is not a descendant of the founding fathers of this nation.       
He is part of a conquering force invading this land.          
If you conquer a land and its people, you have no reason to follow the laws or traditions they had, in fact quite the opposite. The more thoroughly you erase their past the less you risk them rising against you.          
With every statue they tear down, and every street they rename... we lose a little more of our history and future.
In their arrogance, they think they can make the world perfect. They just have to eliminate those pesky populations that stand in their way.
He can fuck off.
Hate to be that guy,  and I don’t know his context and clearly he’s a fucking lunatic...but, you can’t say “bomb” on an airplane, incite violence, etc. So there isn’t an “absolute” right to free speech. 

Hell our founders passed Alien and sedition acts in 1798 under John Adams almost immediately after passing the bill of rights.

Spezzed a fact.
Anyone have a vid? Or a timestamp from the debate stream?
Well, he just lost my vote...again.
Do you have a link to the video?
I hate to have to defend him, but he's technically right. 

*While freedom of speech is a fundamental right, it is not absolute, and therefore subject to restrictions.*

*A restriction may occur if someone is protesting loudly in front of someone's house in a neighborhood in the middle of the night...*

There are also free speech exceptions, like can't yell fire in a crowded theater if there's no fire.

However, leftists may try to skew and twist this into some means of justifying silencing their political opponents on the internet.

As always i'm open to counter points. I just want to put out good info for fellow pedes.
He has the absolute right to absolutely fuck right off with that absolutely fascist wrong-think agenda
wants to make free healthcare a right, can't even handle free - FREE - speech

if you can't handle a zero cost right, what makes you think you will be able to handle a trillion dollar cost with millions of patients, doctors and companies involved?
Cory the Cuck needs to shut the fuck up.
Crooks of a feather destroy economies together.
You mean the National Archives?

Unless the National Archives is part of the Smithsonian, then please disregard.
Quality roast.
One needs to look no further for this than the censoring of this very subreddit and various other sources of conservative media on YouTube and beyond. Hate speech isn’t real - only free speech is.
>Wow, I’m so shocked to learn that ~~Mr Booker~~ LITERALLY ANY DEMOCRAT doesn’t understand the bill of rights.
>
>NOT!

FTFY
That's not what Booker is talking about. Nobody argues to be able to say bomb on an airplane. I wanna be able to say I don't support transgender-ism without losing my job.
yelling bomb isnt about free speech

that's a direct threat that people can react to

free speech is related to opinions and ideas - there is no limit on those, and THAT is what free speech is about... and that is also what the democrats DO NOT want
He's not arguing for the obvious, common sense and practical exceptions you note. He and all leftists are only interested in suppression of wrong think. Have you not been paying attention today?
Library of Congress, iirc.
Yeah you might be right, it might be the Magna Carta in the Smithsonian
Yeah, that’s why I started with I don’t know the context. Nevermind man, go back to bashing this idiot, it’s all good. 

I teach Constitutional law, that’s all. This meme caught my eye because, well, laws and court rulings as old as our country regulate speech (obviously not compelled speech, if that’s the context).

But, by all means, meme on, I’m old and nitpicky I guess.
>He and all leftists are only interested in suppression of wrong think. Have you not been paying attention today?

I strongly agree, but if we go on the internet saying free speech is absolute we'll get easily debunked. Still, I completely see your point. Their goal is to suppress us, but if we say free speech is absolute, we'll arm them with the chance to counter us with ease.
No, your right, and that's important.  In law does it define "bomb", as "speech"?
Wow! It's like you actually did your homework and listened to the man's words instead of blindly swallowing the bile from our lizard media overlords.

Good for you, young pede!
Now drop those red pills!
Thank you!
Haha. Will do!
He's a cannibal
which also brings up another issue: while unlikely, there's absolutely no way to prove he (or another admin) didn't just edit posts to make them say outlandish bullshit, and then remove them because they contained "calls to violence". 

him showing (and, most importantly, ADMITTING) that they can edit user posts, with no way of knowing (no marker, no "edited", nothing) it was edited, allows every single post-related decision they make to be called into question.
I don't member.  Who's this fag?
Steve Huffman, David Brock, and Carlos Maza share the same deviant sexual fetish.   How did such evil men get to control the content of social media?
This looks like something Zuckerberg shit out.
He founded this cesspool of a website that somehow organically evolved one decent, undegenerate collective which he subsequently decided to oppress.
On it.
Exactly, I know a lot if people are told to go to gab, (maybe create accounts there, but know you would be in a right wing echo chamber for the time being until it grows bigger)but I think it would be better to stay on Twitter/FB/Instagram/Reddit for the sole purpose of dispersing truth memes on highly visible liberal/celeb/musician/sports accounts/comments section. If people go to gab or delete thier accounts, they will create a left echo chamber. This is what they want. Thats why they censor- to decrease reach. By you leaving, you are censoring yourself and helping them win. I'm starting to wonder if people telling us to leave are share blue shills, because leaving would help them, not us. I think its better to stay and disperse memes to redpill. You don't have to use your own account, create a new anon account to push memes. I would not know about the Trump truth narrative without those memes. The goal is to wake up other people, not runaway to gab in my opinion. We didn't win 2016 by leaving, we stayed and spread the truth!
I don’t think this is going the way they planned it. The ban is next.
This is an excellent idea.
1. You're helping grow reddit userbase with this.

2. You're helping reddit charge more for ads  due to having higher ad impressions and larger userbase.

How about fuck reddit. Quit helping them make money.
When you post, share it to the /The_Donald group on Gab. 

It is the T_D of Gab, and would always welcome your cross posting.

https://gohmert.house.gov/uploadedfiles/google.mp4
Spread it everywhere!
OK!
Part of their quarantine system is that the subreddit no longer runs ads, and therefore no longer makes them any money.
You're delusional if you don't think TD numbers are counted towards their site metrics and demographics shown to advertisers.
Old vetran here
 I'm happy to reenlist.
Hes talking to us
Political correctness is just a polite way of saying fascism. 

Just like sex and travel is a polite way of saying fuck off. 

Fuck off leftist filth.
Thanks for the words of encouragement, Mr. President.
He’s talking to us.
Political Correctness is just Marxism Lite.
Love our President!
Gah the comments on Twitter are SO cringe.
This is amazing! Thank you!
He's talking to us!
We will NEVER capitulate to COMMUNISTS.
[deleted]
This was posted back in March guys, the context is not about the quarantine
[removed]
Jinx!
Loud and clear.
Tack is the ability to tell someone to go to hell and make them look forward to the trip. It's truly a learned skill.
It's fascism that pretends to be manners.
literally the same thing I thought lol
Lots of fat fingers punching interfaces at blindingly fast speed... and in 15 seconds it won’t mean a thing to their mind anyways.

Gotta have a soul to care about the character.
Maybe he deleted it and will repost? You’re right it’s not showing up.

Spez: this is from March that’s why.
Tack is what you leave on the seats at the Dem debates.
Thanks!
[deleted]
LMAO!
How about a third?  Domo arigato Mr. Roberto.
The Spanish was so embarrassing and cringey.
donde esta la zapateria?   bobbie frankie does not know, but pretends he does........
Speaking Spanish couldn't win Beta an election in Texas, it sure as shit ain't gonna win him a general election.
I too speak in the espanol.
At least 1/64 of her opening statement.
That's Creepy Joe's favorite demographic!
Maybe you pressed 2....🤡🌎
Why are you watching?  Ratings speak volumes.  Fuck these retards.  Much love homie ♥️♥️♥️
Liberals are always out of touch. From the working class whites to the working class Latinos.
Lol I'm watching to take pictures and meme these fuckers!!
Telemundo is a sponsor...
No, no.. let them keep going. Average middle of the road voters will be appalled.
What an embarrassment.
They don't care about Americans anymore, they are planning for the future. They see the 40 million illegals here and are drooling to get all them added as citizens for those votes.
They're not American, bro.
Yo no habla..
But... but.... pandering is all they know!

I heard someone blurt out Flint, Michigan as he was being told to shut up because he was out of time. They just shout buzzwords. So funny.
This is the lineup for the democrats? That's so pitiful lol
Castro got applauds for merely saying he's Latino. Great, an even lower bar than the one for Beta.
These people are so out of touch, they think Americans appreciate the bilingual messaging systems...
Or failed to press a button and spanish was the default.
Aren't ratings statistical projections based on nielson households? so if you aren't a neilsen household I dont think you impact ratings at all regardless of what you watch.
KEK

This works on multiple levels.
But Hillary told me pepe was a hate symbol!
Fuck them.

If I saw a cop lying in the streets after a shoutout I would risk my life to save them just as they would for me.

The mainstream Reddit opinion on the police is fucking disgusting.  Most of the black teenage males that get shot for 'doing nothing' were conducting criminal behavior and the police were completely innocent. In fact in most of them they didn't go far enough. But when a cop shoots a white guy? Reddit says fucking nothing.
A green white supremacist! *reeee!*
He just proved the point. Google censorship is real.
I can't find any news on Google about Google's antitrust practices or any investigations of Google on Google 

Must not be real guys
Ironic that the house eunuch can't find a reliable source when he hosts a show called "Reliable Sources"
Notice he qualified it with "a reliable news account", of course by which he means legacy media outlets.
Something very evil about his comment
And this is why CNN is literally the most pathetic excuse for news
"reliable news source" 

Don't watch video and read source material with own eyes, wait for someone in propaganda echo chamber to give you approved spin.
CNN's ratings are now so low that even CNN is watching FOX..
How dare these people promote undercover journalism, why can't they promote porn lawyers who scam their clients for president like meeee!
https://twitter.com/brianstelter/status/1143685846425624578

link to tweet.  its great to see most of the replies calling him out.
He accidentally did some real journalism 🤣
cnn. searching for reliable news. about google bias. using google. I do believe we've reached peek irony.
House Eunuch
Maybe he could find an investigative reporter somewhere?
But did he check Snopes?
The audacity of this donut guzzling eunuch to call his show “Reliable Sources”
He could maybe just watch the whole veritas video and come to his own conclusions instead of having it spoon fed with spin toppings. That would require a few crinkles in the ol’ noggin which the Eunich does not possess.
Someone reported that the Chinese government has been suppressing its citizens, but when I asked the Chinese government, they said they hadn’t, sooooooo 🧐
#SELF AWARENESS: 000
Is he a complete idiot? 

Yes he is.
"I googled it"😂😂😂 Fuckin smooth-brain.
I [sense a pattern](https://thefederalist.com/2019/01/10/please-enjoy-this-video-of-jim-acosta-owning-himself-at-the-border-wall/)
Wow, Baby Voice Stelter actually twatted the truth for a change.
Wow.

CNN is the pinnacle of train wreck television considering who they employ.  This is complete idiocy.
You’d almost think someone could create a television network - say give it a three letter acronym to make it easy to remember, in order address such deficiencies. Being as we are in the television age and all.
He's a devil worshipping homosexual pedo. Evil in those eyes.
I may not be a journalist, but I would think that if you wanted to see what was going on with project veritas, you should probably start by going to project veritas.
Is this guy retarded? He just played himself
Sort of reminds me of Jim Acosta at the wall...
A true mastermind!
I googled on "Project Veritas", got relevant recent results.  Including links to the story at the Veritas web site.  Is this person Fake News?
Can't find it on Google therefore Project Veritas mustn't exist. Honk honk. It's all just a Russian conspiracy!
omg, this is almost too much!  L.M.F.A.O
"Awatching Fox"...And awaiting puberty.
Oh my Lord. 
How can one human being be that stupid?
Interesting.  This post is locked
Interesting.  This post is locked
Locked post?
Locked post?
All kidding aside, you have to be clinically retarded to post what he did non-ironically.
Like anyone on the right will probably say:

-Look at all sources, especially ones you wouldnt agree with.

-Ignore the opinion portions or at least keep in mind they are opinions.

-Follow the links to the sources of the article.

-If there are no links, the entire article should be considered bogus.

-If they are anonymous, it should be considered an opinion piece but be mindful it could be a fact down the road.

-Be mindful they will circular link sources, for example: WaPo will write an opinion piece, CNN will write an opinion piece and source the WaPo opinion piece, then WaPo will write an opinion piece and source the CNN piece that sourced the original WaPo piece, and at that point they cite it as facts from anonymous sources. We saw a lot of this during the lefts Russia hoax.
Dumbass
I told my son in law, back in 2017, that I would never support Google because Eric Schmidt sold all of their data to the Clinton Campaign.  He googled that and informed me that he couldn't find anything about that.  smh
Why don't you cover it, fat boyyyyy?
I Googled to learn about Brian Setzer's journalistic integrity and lack of leftist bias.   The were zero results.
If it was any other company, this guy wouldn’t have a job.  He wouldnt last one day working local news at a small market or mid market TV station.  He would be forced to cover real news!!!
Works for CNN.

Can't find a reliable news source.

Doesn't see the irony.
I'm always amazed at how dense people can be
and now you know where cnn gets THEIR news from.
lol, what a dumbass.
He basically just said if you can't find it on Google , it didn't happen.
Assuming he is serious....the irony is strong with this one, if not the self awareness.
now you see why it was so critical for Google to establish a "single point of truth" for the news and reality.
Total self-own.  This bald bastard is a disgrace to humanity.
Hahahahaha what a CLOWN ass
I have a bias against two news sources, so I used a bias source (which agrees with my bias) to see if they can confirm the original two sources. And to my surprise they didn't give me one!

&#x200B;

This is the absolute state of the left.
Stelter is yet another useful idiot NPC consuming valuable oxygen.
HHHHHHHHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHAAAAAAAAAAAAA

What a moron!
this guy is as sharp as a bowling ball!
someone with Twitter needs to tell him to try DuckDuckGo, he'll have better luck....
He went full Jim (I'm at a wall where there is no immigration crisis) Acosta.
That’s the answer I get when I provide proof to lefties!
That’s the answer I get when I provide proof to lefties!
So, just saying, the absolute irony of googling for a news story about google being evil aside....he proports himself to be a journalist.  Isn't his job to like....go make a reliable news account about whats going on, instead of searching for one made by someone else?
So he just proved he isn't a journalist, just a thief waiting for someone else to do his job.
That's like robbing a bank and your defense being 'Why would I rob a bank, look at all this money I have'. These people are fkn retarded evil.
Over his head
There's just no way. There's just no way that he can be this retarded. My mind is blown
Haven't seen a self own like this since Acosta was reporting there is no border crisis in El Paso where there is a wall in place
The stuuuuuuuuuuuuuuupid!  It huuuuuuurts!!!
Why does he write sentences like a teenage girl with low aspirations?
Is he doing comedy now?

It's hackey and kinda obvious, but it's still pretty funny.
This is why [fedpost content] happens.
HE IS YOUR ENEMY!!!! PERIOD!!!

&#x200B;

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0PVoiKDPiTY
What is he trying to say? 

Google suppresses bad news about themselves? duh.
What a maroon.
Can't find "reliable sources" thru google. No shit.
"Reliable sources"
Link to tweet?
Holy fuck imagine being this fucking stupid
Classic CNN "journalism": "Let's investigate this!" -> googles it -> "Okay, nothing to see here, guess it didn't happen!"
If he actually did his fucking job, that would be the moment he starts *investigating*. 

Oh, wait, he's an activist, not a journalist. So he is doing his job.
Don't you have a "news" network that employees "journalist?" Why are you Googling for reliable news fool?
Why is he googling for a reliable news account?  Doesn't he work for a news organization which could presumably do actual research and present a reliable news account?

I think he just showed his cards here...
Is he that dumb?
>We've investigated ourselves and we have determined that we did nothing wrong and you don't need to see the details of our investigation into our own innocence
He’s a clueless fucking idiot. I mean, I can’t even express how clueless. It’s too much.
No you stoopid Drumpfkin, if you can't find information about it on Google then clearly it means it's not really happening. /s

SPEZ: I just depressed the hell out of myself, because assuredly a large percentage of our society actually operates this way.
I was looking for the “shitpost” flair. 🤦🏻‍♂️
That' is not the point the left is seeing. They see that since there are no reputable sources, means it didn't really happen and it's more alt+right fake news.
Fuckin George Costanza ass lookin faggot
Is this the CNN Brian Stelter? Isn't he supposed to be, you know, the news?

What the fuck.
What a moron
If I tweeted I’d recommend that he change the name of the show to “Reliable Eunuchs”.
“Leftist propaganda outlet”
Notice he looks to be told what to think before going to project veritas to see for himself.
✅ Newsguard approved. Aka Big Tech’s  wrongspeak filter.
"It's not news until one our networks has heard it, misinterpreted it, speculated and spread gossip about it!"
He means "CNN Story"
Notice he didn't go looking at CNN's website.
No I think he’s just that retarded
My best guess: He is so myopic that he literally didn't catch how using "google" as a verb synonym for "research" in this instance was a remarkably stupid thing to do.
Remember some people actually watch CNN for NEWS! THESE are the REAL SHEEP!
Yeah the spin is "it was all taken out of context and if you saw the whole thing, you'd know its not bad at all! Now watch trump be a toddler over feeding the prized goldfish of President Abe and risking killing them!"
Man, he got fire-hosed on his own Twitter...think he noticed or is he still searching The Googles 🤣🤣🤣
But was too stupid to realize he actually did his job.
"1989 was the most peaceful year in Chinese history, nothing happened at all!" -Chinese government
I've got a 4 letter acronym - OANN.  

Wish they'd step into the vacuum being created here.  Imagine seeing them in airports everywhere in fifteen years.
Well there is the qualifier of "Reputable" which is basically the news sources that are working together to control the country.
all while resembling one.... LOL
After 2+ years and $40 million we are unable to confirm that Trump didn’t do something -Sideshow Bob


As you can see, no one is trying to get through this wall I’m standing next to in broad daylight with cameras all around which is proof that walls don’t work and we don’t need racist walls  -Acucksta 



Fucking 🤡 🌎!!!
Can we dispel the fiction that Brian Stelter doesn't know what he's doing?  He knows exactly what he's doing.

He's a professional propagandist.  He's not saying this because he doesn't get it.
He's not clueless. He's twisting the knife.
It almost sounds like he's trolling but he could be extremely stupid also.
Yeah, course "reputable" for them is news sources that are in on it generally speaking. Don't know of any source out there that isn't washed as being alt-right and reputable.
He's not reliable though.
i think he is an evil retard
Statistically speaking you're more likely to know an actual prostitute than CNN viewer.
Top result was breitbart, i think FP has decided it is not a reputable site, so, yes indeed.
None of that is going to mean shit if they can't nail his answers to the wall

"Exactly when did you know there was no collusion"

"Exactly who withheld the evidence from Flynn before he plead guilty"
Yeah but maybe. These tools believe their bullshit. They live it.
or both...
No, I think he's pretty reliable at being dishonest.
Is that a new alignment for D&D?
I can verify that as an ER nurse, I know far more prostitutes than CNN viewers (our waiting room is perpetually turned to the in-house hospital education network, praise Kek.)
I think that's accurate.  He's saying it because he knows a non-trivial number of willing believers will swallow it whole.
That I can agree on. Also like how that fat fuck has a twitter photo that makes him look borderline anorexic.
Nope. Its also known as Chaotic Evil, where the character does evil just because with no rhyme nor reason. There is also lawful stupid, where they hammer so hard on being morally right and won't accept anything outside of the little mind they have.
The two men sitting down are the Moderators.  One is balding and the other man has a great head of hair.
Only saw maybe five minutes but Cuck Todd looked happy just to be invited to their communist party.
Not very smart, are you?
you missed the joke.
It's kristallnacht on the_donald
They're silencing millions of voices and you're only worried about your account? James... this is bigger than you. Not everything should be made into a thing all about you.
We've all got our Yellow stars of Donald now to go with it.
That was a specific action take against a specific person. It has more meaning. They banned Project Veritas because he was exposing them.
> Yellow stars of Donald

Well said.
And at the same time are using it in their list of evidence of "violent content" that required quarantining (and let's be honest, inevitably *banning*) this subreddit.
That doesn't invalidate my comment.
Men can’t have abortions because they can’t get pregnant. Any fucking low iq to Ivy League individual knows this.
This mothafucka have Down syndrome?
He is probably willing to spend trillions on this issue.
Imagine being a hopeful supporter of the Democrat Party and seeing your candidates shoot themselves in the foot over and over and over and over and solidifying Trumps next four years! The Japanese Kamikaze pilots of the second World War would be astonished!
that's some out of the box thinking, and it won't cost the us taxpayer a single dollar.... keep it up dems
Does this mean that I am now allowed an opinion?
JUSTITH
Yep. He said the dumbest thing of the night. Booker came second with his mini-rant about black transgender people.
Thanks. I always thought giving birth to a baby out my ass would be difficult.
The left is trying to make a man named Castro POTUS.

&#x200B;

You can't make this stuff up.
Maybe it was Castro and/or Beto but someone said Trans-female people have the right to choose. These people don't understand basic fucking biology.
Castration
🤡🌍
Nuts!!
Sweet imma bout to get abortion for this xxxxl taco bell burrito I ate for lunch
He’s such a phony arrogant fake American.
Does he mean financial abortion or pregnant ftm trannies? If it's the latter he is stupid beyond reckoning. If it's the former I fully support it.
It would appear so.
Worse. He’s a liberal hack.
ROFLMAO check my history! LOLOLOL
we are the most oppressed community on Reddit
Nailed it.
THIS\^\^\^
Preparing for 2020 memewar...
What they did here has already been updated in Wikipedia!! 🤡🌎
I WANT REPARATIONS!!!  REEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!!!
Per post, since account creation!
This is in a sub with TEN moderators and 245 active users currently. The\_Donald ALSO has TEN moderators for 18,000 users online. THIS IS NOT ABOUT RULE ENFORCEMENT, THIS IS ABOUT POLITICAL PUNISHMENT.
The hypocrisy.
I've been on Reddit (shithole of internet) long enough to have appreciated the blatant hypocrisy for quite a long time and even yet posts such as yours, which highlight it is still amazing.
Thank you for your post.🌹
reddit knows they are hosting a cesspool of doms but don't do shit about it.

I once reported a dom for pushing some child rape fantasy bullshit and it took them like 3 months before sending a message saying they will check it out.
For sure. It's a rouse. I just read a redacted post where they were discussing the quarantine. They have zero clue what the culture here is like. They genuinely believe that it's full of racism and calls to violence. One of the top posts said that TD is a "terrorist incubator". How deluded could you be? The is the most patriotic place on this entire website!
The rules don’t apply to the left.
Let’s face it, this whole thing was a setup. The great thing is that I think it totally backfired on them.
Spread this. Get this out!
I wonder, at the highest levels, exactly who is pulling the strings in all this.
We need a way to collect a weekly record and report of all these calls to violence in other subs, then show them to reddit's advertisers and the general public.
This is borderline, but given how left/those edditors phrase/act - they are not wrong. They are mental and loonied on notion of righteousness. You can't reason with mob of violent thugs.
Report the sub. Report report report. Then send your screenshots to one of these decently connected podcast hosts... Crowder, etc
It used to be better.  The whole internet used to be better.  The first time I went in to an AOL chat room in 1995 it was the Wild West and it was beautiful.   Advertisers have been continually tightening the noose on what's allowed to be done and said on the internet since then and it's disgusting.
I'm a federal law enforcement agent and I come here several times a day just for some good memes and laughs. Never have I seen anything that they are accusing this sub of, but just the opposite.
They do know it's not like that but it's their job to paint it as a Nazi hangout.
They’re not delusional. It has always been about misinformation and psyops. Reddit has always been majority left wingers and they want the minorities (right wingers) out by any means necessary.
Send screenshots to Reddit's advertisers.
I think Crowder is already working on slam dunking the fuck out of this.
I know for sure that there are a number of law enforcement and civil servants (fireman, medic, mailmen, etc) that come to this forum. 

The bullshit reddit is doing is simply because there is a minority that come to this sub, and think it's a good place to LARP like they are spreading some sort of "cause". 

The same type of behavior is all over Reddit and they don't enforce on those subs. So many posts of people talking about how the world has ended and they feel unsafe because everyone is a "nazi" and that it's okay to hurt "nazis".

The "call to violence" excuse is easily fabricated by people paid to astroturf on Reddit. Anyone who doesn't believe there are people whose sole purpose on the internet is to post on Reddit is lying to themselves or ignorant.
It is also a fact that Reddit Admins are left leaning and that they have edited users comments as well as targeted this sub in the guise of implementing a new "algorithm".

I have been here since before the primaries and have seen all kinds of individuals come and go. I won't lie to you and say there haven't been racist people come to this sub, but I will tell you that the majority of users are not like that and are quick to call out that behavior. 

also federal law enforcement is that code for FBI because damn, FBI is literally representing their own meme. 

*FBI wants to know your location*
I think that you're right in some cases, but I truly believe that there are lots of people who have never even looked here and truly believe it - it's one of the reasons why we're getting so many new subs: they come here and see the light.
This. Get it to the advertisers.
There is reason to that - whole MSM smear and fabrications. Trump is idiot, racist, bigot, fascist, rapist etc. So by extension, followers have to be even worse.I have quite smart friends - and only thing they know: "Trump is an idiot".  


Similar with Peterson, Shapiro, Milo, Rubin, Crowder.  Some influencer on left says they are phobic, racist etc - has to be true.
GO AFTER ALL THE ADVERTISERS.
Trolling done right
How long before libtards scream foul and boycott YT, lmao. It will fail.
Trust in Trump. He's got a plan to win...and he's with us.
Doesn't show up for me... where is it?
I wonder how much
I'd die if he bought YouTube
The ~~Coca Cola~~ Reddit company is not happy with me--that's okay, I'll still keep drinking that garbage.
Worthy move to donate to the RNC.
Damn, might have seen it if i I didn't run with adblock on..
What a power move
The juggernaut cannot be stopped.
Give Carlos time.
If the coming capital hill hearings into censorship bear fruit, there may very well be a massive roto rooter for the techies.
Twitter.https://twitter.com/anotheracronym/status/1143877704439271425?s=19
Not sure of an exact amount, but Biz Insider said several hundred thousand.
Ahh nice... doesn't show up when I'm logged in but shows up incognito
Trump Change
Are you using adblock? That's probably why you cant see it.
Yep, that explains it!
I hope so. That is some garbage ass shit going on. We are all on some super secret probation list now for opting in.
What did he do after he got killed? He came back as a ghost, but so did yoda, Anakin etc.

sorry it just always bugged me.
Never made a meme before.... was going to make this one! Thank you Pede for getting it done for me!
My feelings also, fellowpede.  
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V53utmZVb88](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V53utmZVb88)  


Here's the live-action version.
I would rather get banned speaking my mind than lurk without my American rights
His death was important because it gave the motivation to Luke to see what the path of of the light side could accomplish and provided him the motivation to face vader. Essentially, Obi Wan red pilled Luke. Much like quarantining this sub has unleashed what the true dark side of tech platforms are about. T\_D will be a red pilling force that sparks the needed motivation.
Holy shit I love you patriots. I’ve been a lurker here for yours.  Ashamed I didn’t speak up sooner. Hope there’s still a coat available.
True, I will miss T\_D but
There is always a coat for freedom lovers!
Welcome
FOUR MORE HIGH ENERGY YEARS! Way to go op, glad to have you!

I just want to see class and mutual respect. Personal responsibility is lost on far too many, but it is the only way to pursue happiness!

MAGA!
You rock!  You didn't let the MSM tell you what to think.  Their SJW propaganda is off the charts! But once you see through it, it will never work on you again!  We're glad you are here!
Welcome aboard. I was more left leaning until my earlier 20's when I realize those idea's wouldn't work but mainly my lefty friends would shout rather than debate which really push me towards the right.
Coat, no brakes, 10 feet taller, they’re all broken 😢
Thank you! MAGA!
Thanks! MAGA!
Women don't *have* penises. That's kind of the point.

The level of insanity with these people seems to increase year on year, and sometimes even more rapidly than that.
It's all pink on the inside though  so........
I do quite enjoy when they eat their own.

Puns all intended.
Women. Don't. Have. Penises. EOD.
This is a fairly short hop skip and a jump away from simply being a woman being considered offensive to trans women
Um, I’ve fucked black girls and Hispanic girls and Asian girls. They’re all pink once you get to the important stuff.
Whats brown genitalia?
I thought they were all pink on the inside.
Propeller beanies are offensive to me because I identify as a Learjet.
As a life long atheist I would like to openly apologize to all the Christians out there.  You guys were right.  Not convinced on the God thing, but the rest you nailed.  Give me a puritanical theocracy over this madness of degenerate freaks running the culture now.
A pink hat is offensive to women with penises... nice fucking mental gymnastics there
I feel like someone made a bunch of shitty-looking pink cat ear hats that weren't selling, so they rebranded them as "pussy hats" and got gullible feminists to buy them as political protest.

Seriously, I have no idea how those hats are supposed to be representative of vaginas.
Women with penises...

Why are they so much better at being women, than women without penises?
'long black labia' is an insult in Africa
"Brown genitalia"
Is that a real article or a shitpost. Reality is blurry these days?
Brown genetalia? I've had sex with black women and they tend to be pink on the inside, as well. FYI.
Just remember, whenever anyone tells you the slippery slope is a fallacy....it not only exists, but it has no bottom.
....”Oceania is at war with East Asia, Oceania has ALWAYS been at war with East Asia” 
Orwell was a time traveler...
No brakes on this honk train
Pink genitalia is offensive... okay.
They really are insane. They say that being white gives you an unfair advantage over other people but can’t comprehend that being biologically male gives you an advantage over women. If men and women are equal then why is there a need for feminism? DOES NOT COMPUTE! 🤯
Hahahaha, Women with penises. Do they even think about what they say/write?
As expected
I could make a crude remark debunking the 'brown genitalia' comment, but I won't.  and no...there are no women with penises.

&#x200B;

It is hilarious to watch this though.
It must be exhausting trying to keep up with ever changing definitions of what is PC in their world...
“CANCER”
I thought the hat was supposed to be the inside?
Something tells me that winning the individual on Balance Beam will be a challenge for pre-op trans.
Ah yes. *The circular firing squad of the left.*
So a pink pussy hat is offensive to cooches of color and women with PENISES!? Holy cow, how far is clown world going to take us?
**CLOWN WORLD**
###**HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA**

... boys, pack it up, we literally don't have to do *anything* ... as these people will BTFO themselves, destroy themselves, and fragment their entire ideology to the point where they do not have any ability to collectively decide on anything and ever win an election again.

Enjoy the next 20+ years of MAGA.
Brown genitalia? Lol. Sounds like it might be a turd. How romantic.
Do I even want to know?
🤡
Kinda discriminates agains men with vaginas if you ask me
#HonkHonk

🤡🌎
Maybe we don't have to do anything?
Brown genitalia? 

These people should change their symbol to a snake eating it's own tail because they will consume themselves.
This isn’t even the work of 4chan or whatnot. Just honest to god dumbfuckery by ultra-feminists
Isn't a woman with a penis....um....a guy?
HONK HONK
It ALWAYS WAS hate speech.  They only wore it to hate on someone.  It has nothing to do with women's rights.
Damn, not even a year.
Sooo...white women are “officially” offensive to feminazis in a few weeks.  Got it... 🤡🌎  ;-)
Trans women are men. Never stop saying it. Never give in.
Womp womp white women liberals womp fucking womp
The bottom pictures is what makes the whole thing funny.
Eat their own
All pink on the inside, doesn't matter what color your skin is......
honk honk, comrade
Is... Is brown genitalia... Is brown genitalia a man's asshole?

WTF did I just read?

Spez: Ok, I realized they mean brown labia. But... every pussy is pink on the inside so.
Do they whipsaw their readers on purpose? I think so...
Women with penises? Aren’t those called men?
'They're all pink on the inside' has always been a thing.
Liberals and especially feminists, are delusional idiots.
If this isn’t evidence enough that:

1) they’re out of control
2) don’t think anything through and act merely on impulse
3) continuously change the rules to fit TODAY’s agenda
4) are doing it merely for their own individual selves and not actually the movement

Well, I don’t know what to tell ya. The amount of rules and oppressions they invent on the fly will mean none of us will be able to live on Earth sooner or later because everyone will be oppressing everyone.

Whilst we are at it: the fact that we walk all over Earth with our dirty feet means we are OPPRESSING THE EARTH. The Earth did not give consent for us walking all over it and therefore we are nothing but bigots and members of the humatriarchy.

From this point forth, ever member of T_D will be an Earthinist and we pledge to whisper to Planet Earth each day asking for consent to walk on it. If you are reading this, you have no choice in this, you bigot. :)
They all pink on the inside though
Women with penises 😂😂😂☠️☠️☠️ my sides
Honestly I always thought it was offensive. Nick Offerman was like “People respect you as a man if you stand up to the ideals up believe in.” No man. People respect when you stand up for what you believe in without pushing your beliefs on everyone else, even though it’s not popular and it may cost you your job. That’s why Ron Swanson was so likable. He was willing to sacrifice his livelihood for what he believed in.
I've had the pleasure of being with some pretty Ebony and Latina chicks and it's Pink inside as well, so what are these people on about?
It’s great when the left eats itself alive
🤡🌎
It's mostly spoiled rich white women anyway so it's pretty accurate
The left should have to wear genitalia headgear so we know how to address them.
uh, wait... WTF are "brown genitalia"??? Honestly I'm afraid to ask.
All pink on the inside
HAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHHAHAHAHA

keep up the woke work, yall
Arent all pussies pink inside? Also women with penises... everytime I read something like that I have to take a moment and let it sink in that we in the West are at a point where this lunacy is thought of as ok.
🤡(horn noise)🤡
Those aren't labia hats. They are pussy hats, and all healthy pussies are pink on the inside.
Honk,honk,honkity honk!🤡🌍
Or they could reject it because wearing genitalia on your head is fucking ridiculous.  The only remotely acceptable place I can think of for this would be a bachelorette party, and even then, it's not something I did... or would ever do.  Tacky and classless.
Nom nom. Sound of the left eating their own...
But...it's the internal parts...which...no matter your skin color...is pink.
Uh... I'm no expert, but aren't "brown" genitalia just as pink on the inside? I mean, it's not like "non-brown" genitalia are pink on the *outside*...

What a clusterfuck of virtue signaling insanity.
HhhOoooNnnnnnnnKkkkk

hhhhhoooooNnnnnkkkkkk
>*Women with penises*

That's a man, baby
what ever happened to we're all pink on the inside
🤡🌎
>Women with "brown genitalia"

I am not technically and expert but I have put in enough hours to know that it is all pink on the inside.
"I'm offended by A, B and C!!"

"Oh yeah?? Well I'm offended by X, Y and Z!!!"

"No I'm more offended!!!"

"No I am!!!"

NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Many on the left are insane.
HONK HONK!
All units, Irene
We are facing a global mental illness.
#🤡HoNkh0nK!🌎
Can we co-opt the pussy hat to be an alt-right symbol? It looks like it's almost there...
>Brown genitalia

As a wise man once said: “it’s all pink on the inside”.
Can't make this shit up 😂
A woman cannot have a penis and uterus at the same time.  Unless you have a uterus you're always going to be a man.  It's amazing that in 2019 this is actually a discussion.  Please take me back to 1987
Honk honk world just keeps getting honkier.
Excited for the change to big black dick hats.
They just cant make up their minds kek
It hurt itself in it's confusion!
They're called CUNT hats... please get it right.   Only Cunts wear them... that's why they're called CUNT HATS.
Brown genitalia? It's all pink in the middle!
Women with penises
Crazy meets Crazier
Imagine men wearing penis hats protesting divorce laws.
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
🎶🎼🎻🎼🤡🌍😁😁😁
🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
Live by the outrage mob; Die by the outrage mob.
so...the libs are all going to wear shit colored hats now?
dangerous cancer is right
Oh, the women's march was being called racist long ago by the professional victims on the left.
Lmao! Let them eat themselves. I hope all leftists get BTFO...
Properly labeled cancer.
Oh well.
What is Brown Genetalia?   Ok. Never mind. Why even ask.
Brown genitalia!!!!!!! Ahahha these people are crazy
the look on the guy's face.....got me choking on my blueberry fig bar.....i got tears running down my face
Sweet baby Jesus......I can't keep up with the crazy!!
[removed]
That "CANCER" real sums up the whole thing.
>DANGEROUS


>CANCER


You're not kidding
Modern day leftism is a literal manifestation of Cronus.
Gotta love the left. Where are Monty Python when you need them?

I'm surprised they still allow the "D" logo for Dems, Dicks and all...
Brown?
Hate should match the drapes. Muhahahaha
Men rights activists (MRAs) are unfairly constrained--don't think a 'cock and balls' hat would work. :)
In other news: English Forensic Pathologists exhumed Samuel Johnson's body, and found the mummified visage locked in the same look of disbelief 400 years after the famous portrait.
lol, what a time to be alive.
It's a miracle they haven't just dissolved the DNC because it's "racist" or whatever.
It **is** hate speech, in terms of "speech or actions expressing hatred for a demographic" - but not in the way they think it is.

The people wearing these hats promote an ideology built on hatred for all men, and were chanting the slogan "the future is female", which was coined by a lesbian seperatist who meant it **literally** - she coined it in an article arguing for the **genocide** of 90% of males.

No I'm not exaggerating - look up Sally Miller Gearhart.  And she went on to found the first Women's Studies university department...
The left always eats their own
Can’t wait till feminist start wearing dick hats. I’ll piss myself laughing watching a bunch of dickheads marching for feminism.
It always was.
I am wondering if a handful of very smart trolls didnt embed themselves in the left/liberal organizations a few years ago to turn them inside out while on their misguided tours of stupidity. How else could the left get to this point? Surely not by their own accord? Hood lord, I hope not.
Circular Firing Squad. They're eating each other!
In what world is that a vagina?
Brown genitalia? What's the matter ladies, you not washing down there?

Women with penises... indeed, your fathers were women with penises.
LOL.
###*Eat your little hearts out, dolls*...
This is the problem with identity politics: there's always a hierarchy, and the ones on the bottom will eventually determine that they want to move higher.
Exponential crackpot curve.  I wonder how far it can go...
Women with penises. That's a dude.
JFC this really is Clown World!
Circular logic for you.
I’m not surprised. I mean you can see it coming. Comedians have already made these jokes and someone somewhere thought it was a good idea to actually be offended.
So... is Ravelry gonna ban it now, too?
*craig voice* I am so glad this happened.
Women don’t have penises. I wonder how many times that has to be said before it’ll sink in!
Wasn't a pink triangle the symbol to support gay rights? Are trans now trying to get rid of the decent gay community because they feel oppressed by the color pink?
Tagged as cancer, lol
What, in heaven's name, is brown genitalia if it's not a V***** or P****?
When everyone is special, no one is special.
Ah yes, the liberal ouroborous.
This gets me thinking... Pokemon?
Hehehe
Women with penises ain't women.
What is the name of this meme? The colonial confusion?!
So let me get this straight... the Pink Pussy Hat AND the MAGA hat are both offensive.  Gotcha.
Honk. 
fucking. 
Honk.

Welcome to insano world.
so I can wear a cat hat for haloween and trigger leftists now? awesome!
"Hate Speech"
Wtf is brown genitalia???
Life comes at you fast.
Their own ideology will be their undoing.
see how fast this is changing? honk honk
Isn’t it the point that they are all pink in the inside?!
Alright, if thats true, then its so stupid...
Make it simple and fair. Men compete against men. Women against women. Transgender men against other transgender men. And transgender women against other transgender women. When everyone sees how few transgender men and women there are in the entire world, people will realize that transgender is just another SJW racket.
Obviously they need to wear penis hats.
If you have a penis you are not a woman you are a man.
Never thought about how pussy hats were bullshit because what about the women with huge black cocks?
I could have swore I thought some time ago about if there was ever a time where I would ever want to own one of those, and here it is.

Ironically owning things is the only way to really do it right any way.
gotta love the CANCER tag lmao
AAAARRRRGGGGHHHH!!!!

DAMN IT ALL TO HELL!!!  Now I have to DEFEND that stupid fucking hat!?  SIGH.

Yep.  I now officially defend and support the right of anyone to wear that stupid fucking pussy hat.  Half of the insane third wave feminists need to leave the other half of the insane third wave feminists alone!
Tag:
>CANCER

lmao
-5000 points for "brown genitalia".
They run to the left of the ship, they run to the right of the ship. They embrace without question or hate without reason. There is no in-between, balance, or logic.
LOLLL this is so bad it’s making me want to change my gender 😂 why must everything be so literal? Guessing they’ll have to manufacture pussy hats in every shade AND elephant trunk bags too lol
Brown genitalia? It's all pink on the inside.
This is the same side telling men not to objectify women (which we shouldn’t), while simultaneously using Teen Vogue to say sex work is real work.
[removed]
Haven't you heard? Trans women are biologically women now, even if they're pre-op. Jeez, get it right. /s
The book "Extraordinary Delusions and the Madness of Crowds" should be required reading in high school. This craziness comes in cycles.
“I am proud to be a female and I know that we are strong. I do not need women parading themselves around in vagina suits and screaming vulgar terms to represent me. Let's keep it classy ladies.”


― Victoria Boccella
The problem with grievances is that there is no limit to them, there is no bottom and they become incapacitating.  Incapacitating in the sense that universal tolerance to all grievances impedes action.  This being a classic example, as the action of protest is hindered because of grievances towards the pussy hat.  Everyone's grievances conflict with each other's and it is impossible to be completely tolerant of all things because of the limitations of time, resources and space.
Good. Accelerate.
They are mental cases for sure, I’ve even seen where these men pretending to be women are trying to pressure lesbians into having sex with them by saying their penises are “female.” 

Yes, that is how insane they are and the lesbians are obviously not interested, but the pressure continues anyway. 

Really, this is all just absolute madness.
> Women don't have penises. 

# RAAAAAAAAAAAACIST!
[removed]
>The level of insanity with these people seems to increase year on year, and sometimes even more rapidly than that.

Its called drugs man.
I am actually a feminist who believes that the best course of action is to promote strong and independent women to serve as role models for young women

I don’t buy into this new age garbage, and I certainly do not buy that there are “women with penises.” This will only be detrimental to female accomplishments. You can call yourself whatever you want - biology doesn’t lie
It's so beautiful to watch clown world realization seep into leftist psyche.
>Women don't have penises. That's kind of the point.

Not only that, but Ive checked, and....as far as pussies go....they're all pink on the inside. 

So, commies are mentally deficient.  Who knew? (Everyone sane did.)
Raise your hand if you think foreign actors are fucking with us by clandestinely promoting this insanity.
"They're all pink on the inside."  
  
If it's brown you should probably see a doctor, or stop letting your significant other shit in your vagina.
is this kind of societal insanity intentionally driven (evil russians / Illuminati) or a by product of group interactions that only looks that way?
More like minute by minute
Yep, in post SRS cases though its red and yellow from the puss.
didn't see your comment before mine, lol
Plus you could knit a brown hat just as easily as a pink one, anyway.
You are missing the point. That does not matter in this genocidal psyops war against whites
#THE SHAPE  IS WRONG!!!! REEEEEEE
Well played
I cannot wait for Intersectionalist Thunderdome.  Which identity tribe will come out on top?
plus those stupid fucking hats might disappear, a win win
They may not have *male* penises, they only have *female* penises. Jeez, keep up, will ya
Forgot your clapping emojis and “full stop.” /s
well, they already have the pejorative term TERF so
We are already at stage 50 hating white women. So we may get there.
I saw a comment elsewhere the other day. The commenter originally said "men" but changed it to "penis-bearers" because using the term "men" was transphobic. 

Like...what??
Their personality???
That outer stuff is pretty important too.
Brown house, pink shutters
Good question.
#ROASTIES OF THE WORLD UNITE!
I even googled it; there is some desease associated with skin cancer but I doubt that it's the case.
Where would a tranny, get plowed, that's brown...
Well see, sometimes men love each other.
The next wave of rediculous bullshit
BBC

big black clit
Women of the African variety are said to have brown genitals. That's why the rock star singer "Pink" got her name, as a teen, her black friend asked her if hers was pink and if so could he see it because he'd never seen a pink one.  She complied, and the nickname stuck.  That's what I've read, anyways....

But yes, I imagine they're all pink on the inside, although being way hetero, I haven't looked up inside any other female's gyna
Except Caitlyn Jenner she is hairy on the inside
Except the ones you hope you never have to see.
same
Real Christians, though, not Christcucks
I think the Democrats realized that Trump’s red MAGA hats were powerful visual branding and decided they needed their own hat too. Kind of like how they were pushing E Jean’s black dress as the new Monica’s blue dress and the Trump Foundation as a corrupt organization like the Clinton Foundation.
>Seriously, I have no idea how those hats are supposed to be representative of vaginas.

Especially when it's assholes wearing them.
Uterus hats
Because women without penises only do 70% as much work
They don't have the preinstalled bloatware non-penis women have.
So not a woman
You COULD argue that because they made a conscious decision to be a woman, that they're more into it.  Like how a volunteer army tends to be better than a drafted army, overall.  I mean, if "woman with a penis" wasn't completely insane from the get go.
not all women have delicate pink shades on their hoo-ha
https://mediahard.com/split-feminists-reject-pussy-hat-as-offensive-to-women-with-penises-and-brown-genitalia-2/
[Liberals be like](https://magaimg.net/img/8awk.gif)
#[WE JUST CAN'T STOP WINNING, FOLKS! THE TRUMP TRAIN JUST GOT 10 BILLION MPH FASTER!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hgM2xN5TPgw#196849385117000)

#CURRENT SPEED: 324,739,385,117,000 MPH!

At that rate, it would take approximately 5.167 years to travel to the Andromeda Galaxy (2.5 million light-years)!
That mentality probably explains why so many of them are still going along with it - every morning, they just wake up and do what they're told.
Bro, we're just getting started. Buckle up, buckaroo!
lol
🌎
And people that can't see the colour pink!
but then they'd be Aes Sedai! 

well, they do infight enough with each other to warrant that label
lol that hurt my stomach heh
*women with penises*
I think they do
As a Gynecologist, I can confirm this.
Yeah I definitely don't consider a three year long temper tantrum worthy of being called "standing up for your ideals."
I feel the same way, and wonder if it's just me.
Your comment was automatically removed because you directly linked to an outside subreddit or other user. This rule was put in place by Reddit admins because they don't want our users "interfering" in other communities.  Moderators will review for approval

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/The_Donald) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Wait till 2020 Olympics, where men identifying as women can compete as women

*No checks not even the surgery is required*

Get ready for actual women to be shut out of every sport except distance swimming. Massive, **massive** red pilling when that day comes
> even if they're pre-op.

Uhhhh...even after they get thier shit cut off they are still....................................MEN.
the only real women are mtf trans women and the only real men are ftm trans men. Those are the only people allowed to behave in stereotypical gender stereotypes. Anyone else, male or female who acts in their stereotypical gender roles is reinforcing the patriarchy and spreading toxic masculinity.   
Luckily this goes against are most basic ancient deeply rooted sexual instincts and so the whole thing will explode, although it's probably gonna get a little worse before it gets better
Can we just call them Frankensteins?
deleted  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.8715  [^^^What ^^^is ^^^this?](https://pastebin.com/FcrFs94k/15198)
> Haven't you heard?

Haven't you transcribed "men can"?

In google's search bar, I mean...
The internet has fuelled it to levels previously unseen.
"My art has been commended as being strongly vaginal which bothers some men. The word itself makes some men uncomfortable...vagina." - Maude Lebowski
Seems like they're doing that to themselves with sex changes. Then they just adopt kids and brainwash them thus continuing the cycle.
Don't take this the wrong way, but how many other feminists do you know of who hold that opinion anymore?  Genuinely curious...
[removed]
That's because it's not a vagina. It's a festering wound.

Vagina is warm wet and wonderful. A festering wound is disgusting.🤮
I'll be sending you my bill to clean this vomit on my sweater... Moms spaghetti
Blrghhhghghhhhhhjhhhhggg.....
As long as it's pink on the inside!
Call me old school then. I know the difference between vagina and festering wound! 😉
TERF?
Aw! 😊
Rye bread, pink roast beef
Some women have brown nipples and clits. The typical white chick will have pink skin tissue in those areas, but some are brown.  
  
The better question is, what is a woman with a penis?
After seeing the movie "Dumbo" I wonder if the internet has started calling gals with extra large flaps 'dumbos.'
Shit, I dunno...
Aww, shit!  (all interpretations)
and complain during that 70% work about 80% more than woman with penises do
They should. On the inside at least.

Otherwise, she should consult a physician.
if it ain't pink she ain't no kind of woman for me.
[removed]
Fills in the gap of not having any progress in their life professionally or family
Nah they sacrifice them to Moloch.
As a heterosexual man I can confirm this
Some young women have already filled complaints against this. I forget all the details of it. 

These idiots and their mental gymnastics. 

Feminists and SJWs: "women need the same rights as men, they need to earn the same, and they need the same opportunities."

Same people: "now trans women need the same rights. They're women too, let them complete in women's sports!"

Normal people: y'all realize, you fucking idiots just penalized every biological woman for being a woman because of biological men who are stronger and faster... Biologically.... Right?
Omg, I’m watching every event where a dude is manhandling some crybaby girls. 

Stop being a phobeaphobe and take your 5th place.
In case anyone is wondering: distance swimming women always beat men because natural life preserver
Tbh.. I think women who compete in the Olympics aren't all libtards. I'm pretty sure they're level headed, for the most part, and understand that this is all bullshit — and want biological women competing in women sports and biological men competing in men sports
It’s only so long before able-bodied people self-identify in order to compete in the Paralympics...

All this IDENTITY POLITICS is clearly is for people to get unfair positive treatment and advantages through the actions of threats and complaining.
"Your event?"

"Women's weightlifting, 109 kg+ super-heavyweight category"

"Sir, you look like a lumberjack"

**"It's Ma'am!!"** 

"Right this way ma'am, here's your pass"
>The 2020 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the XXXII Olympiad and commonly known as Tokyo 2020, is a forthcoming international multi-sport event that is scheduled to take place from 24 July to 9 August 2020.

Oh shit!! If they do allow trannies to compete as women this will be an epic red pill factory for our election. DOO EEET
Let's see how the Arab nations take it when their women have to run in burkas against our men / women / hybrid / whatevers...
Is that really happening? Even though it's in Tokyo? I didn't think Japan would allow that. Unless they have no authority over it.
Can women identifying as men compete as men? Will they? If not, why not?
I hope a country just goes in a registers a whole group of men as trans women, and wins every trophy to prove a point.
I bet even men in wigs is going to be too much effort by next year. It's just going to be men showing up and taking over women's teams because why not.
Nope, men are still faster.  Olympic record in the men's 1500M free is 14:31, in the women's 800M free is 8:04.  Convert the 8:04 to a 1500M time is 15:08.  or 37 seconds slower.  or about 50 M behind....
OH shit! Is that happening???
For real? JFC...
I want to see Olympic Hockey with trannies.  It'll be glorious!
Don't worry. Men's distance swimming times are way faster than women's times too. No one is safe.
2020 Olympics are in Japan idk if they’d bend the knee to the madness of the west.  Hell they might even bar those “whamen” from competition.
> Massive, massive red pilling when that day comes

I'm okay with this. I can just hear their laments:  "What do we do now?!?!"

How about... a DNA test? Ain't difficult.
Is this really set to happen? Trans men competing as women in the Olympics?
To make things fair, why don't we let women compete in the men's divisions of chess, billiards, and archery?  Hell, in every other single competition under the sun.
As far as that rule applies, why couldn’t anyone just compete in male and female in the same year?  You can identify as you want when you want according to they
How can i apply for OLYMPICS? srsly? I have a good chance now, I will start training and win a gold medal hahahahahaha. HOW DO I APPLY TO RUN IN THE OLYMPICS? srs question... fuck it.

&#x200B;

EDIT: I will say I am a female, (I am act a male)... hehehhehe. Gold medal here  I come. :) They can't discriminate me, or I will sue them. I am stunning and brave.
Shut up, bigot.  Women have dicks now.  Guys have vaginas.  Women are men.  Men are women.  Homosexuals are bigots.  Straight people are bigots.  Only people who fuck anyone and anything or get fucked by anyone or anything are allowed to talk now, bigot.
Wouldnt that require every country to buy into this bullshit?
I look forward to seeing usainia bolt in a wig and lipstick winning the 100m finals in 9.57 seconds, then "transitioning" back to a man by taking off the wig, wiping off the lipstick and winning the men's 100m in 9.49 seconds for the epic double gold world records.  Maybe then he can say he's on the spectrum and win the special olympics too.
There is some hope

 [https://www.foxnews.com/sports/iaaf-claims-olympic-champion-semenya-is-biologically-male](https://www.foxnews.com/sports/iaaf-claims-olympic-champion-semenya-is-biologically-male) 

 "the IAAF stated: "There are some contexts where biology has to trump identity."
Im actually OK with it. Watching the womens world cup is quite boring tbh.
No no, they are eunuchs after they have it cut off.
It DOES sound a bit discomforting when used by itself like that. Like, what is it implying? When someone just says "dicks", I know they are upset. And it sounds funny.
Actual feminists do but we don’t have many of those anymore. Now we have people who want women to have much greater rights than men and that’s what they’re campaigning for - it’s no longer about promoting strength or independence. Not sure if these new age feminists are just louder or if they’ve completely taken over

The other issue that I see is adopting other movements into our own. Advocating and taking in other movements such as minority/immigrant, transgender, and queer rights has nothing to do with feminism and only serves to dilute it. I find it especially ironic since immigrants have higher incidents of domestic abuse against women

It’s never about actual, equal rights anymore and this also applies to race where we see open racists in power but no one says anything because they’re not speaking against the “minority.” I believe that this bullshit was one of the main reasons that Trump won the previous election
i knew about the open wound needing dilation, but never thought about the hair aspect before.  Vomit.
Schrodinger's Knowledge.  I simultaneously needed to know and not need to know that.
Gross gross gross
It's okay, I wasn't planning on eating for the rest of the week.
I thought it was the penis they sliced in two, not the nut sack?
I regret reading past "they take your nutsack", at the same time this is really informative on how deranged these people are.
I was just about to go get lunch.

Now I can get off Reddit and be productive for the next 50 minutes instead.

My company's shareholders and our CEO thank you.
Why the fuck did I read this while eating lunch and I'm eating sushi for fuck's sake.
this is a mental image i could have done without
That's hate speech, as well, you should still want to (change that, be forced to) tap that.
It's pretty common for women too. My girlfriend has that.
Imagine sticking yourself in there.  Sounds worse than a coconut.
And they wonder why 97% of hetero people wouldn't date a transperson
Showing your age, Grandpa
Trans exclusionary radical feminist
as TrumpGeek said, trans exclusionary radical feminist: the obnoxious sort of feminist, but they don't allow trans people to join the movement
ARBYS FTW
> what is a woman with a penis?

Mentally ill.
Mentally ill man, or a woman with a genetic condition.
We're all pink on the inside.
Made up.
But wasn't the pussy hat representing the interior of a vagina? Cause they are pink for everyone (or not?)
Mike Obama
Nipples and skin arent genitalia. When the great Jon LaJoie boasted "show me your genitals" he was talking about pussy. Vaginas are pink, no matter your skin/labia/clit color.
A man.
Gosh, just had to check out my nipples and cl\*t, they're indeed pink-ish
>Some women have brown nipples and clits. The typical white chick will have pink skin tissue in those areas, but some are brown.

yeah, but it's all pink on the inside. And that's what really matters!
I like Italian women with dark purple labia.
I see what you did there.
I suppose it's time to switch to blue pussy hats... something something waffles.
NO VAGINA, NO RIGHT TO TALK ABOUT IT

&#x200B;

REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Maybe mental gymnastics should be a sport on its own.
Camile Paglia (sp?) said/agreed with JBP that it's SANE WOMEN who need to push back against their lunatic sisters/mothers/daughters who find themselves feminazis trying to smash the fash and patriarch.
Yeah, I can’t backstroke worth a damn when I see a natural woman in a Trump 2020 swimsuit. It’s instantaneous Up Periscope.

Also, someone needs to tell trans-females that the breaststroke is not a hot tub event.
TIL.
Actually it is true in that it makes it easier in the swimming, but it being a natural life preserver not so much.
cheaters
Women are basically better at long-haul survival because they're more important when it comes to keeping the species going in the long term. Men are good at intense short-term efforts because they're supposed to protect the women, and to do that you sometimes need to overcome intense, short-term threats.
Not true.
Also ultramarathons past a certain distance, and interestingly enough big wall climbing (extra fat reserves + superior strength/weigh ratios).
Srsly? Wouldn't distance swimming women have low bf% because of mega cardio which would shrink their litre preservers?
They should boycot then.
I think they are just afraid of strong women.
Reminds me of that episode of South Park where Cartman pretends he is disabled and the disabled people soundly kick his ass.
HOW DARE YOU
>Here's your pass

I read that as "here's your penis".
Sort of... everyone still has to have hormone levels within the rule specifications.  Unless things have changed again.
idk, i just hope this girl is swimming again this year.  I love her attitude.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jn0nPGfH1HI
Oh so you haven't seen all these female-to-male trans dudes beating all the other guys in competitions..?
They'll just get perma-benched.
I want to see a bunch of "trans-dudes" play women's hockey and just absolute destroy them the way Canada crushes countries like South Korea.  And I don't mean 22-0 crush.  I mean 22-0 and broken boards, glass, sticks, equipment, and bodies everywhere.  Fuck it, drop the gloves too.  Get this over with.
It doesn't work that way, they'd slow dramatically by the time they reached 1500. Time is probably 16, or higher. There's a reason women's swims are shorter.
You don't understand sports do you?
Still biological males. They still have male DNA and chromosomes.
> I believe that this bullshit was one of the main reasons that Trump won the previous election

Oh it was.  Post modernism and marxism has basically consumed modern feminism to the point where I consider them the same unless someone displays the functioning brain cells to say pretty much what you just said.
Nut hair
I prefer this over Schrodinger’s Cat, as it’s much more kind to kitties...plus it’s über Universal.  ;-)
I prefer this over Schrodinger’s Cat, as it’s much more kind to kitties...plus it’s über Universal.  ;-)
The penis is shaped into the pseudo-vagina, the scrotum is formed into the opening/lips.
97% sounds too low
You called it. Young Grandpa here!

FREE T_D!
They fucking moved ALL of the local Arby's away years ago, the closest one is hours away now - it used to be right across from my job. I'm going to donate to trump and add a note to bring back Arbys to my area. MAGA (Make Arby's Great Again).
Nah it's not figurative either, the tips resemble the designer's several inch long labia folds
I thought they were pussy cat ears
>Maybe mental gymnastics should be a sport on its own.

If it was, even though they *should* dominate, they would find a way to fuck that up too because, well...they're fucking liberals.
Haha I was just gonna say that.  2020 Olympics will be the first year with Mental Gymnastics as a sport.
[removed]
[removed]
The only sport where everyone loses.
More third wave and fourth wave feminists need to read Paglia. Heck, all feminists and soy Boys 2, even though the first wave is pretty much what Paglia is... she's great
WENCHES TO PORT! PARASCOPE DEPTH!!
If you could snorkel like that you could be famous.
Conn, helm, periscope depth.

Conn, sonar, contact, bearing 069
From what I've been able to tell, it's only half true. If you have a ultra-long swimming race between men and women, a man will still win. In general, the elite male swimmers will beat the elite female swimmers.

But if you consider the average times of all of the contestants, the women's times are better than the men's times. It's thought that this is due to greater buoyancy.
They're comprised of fatty tissue.  Fat floats.  Muscle sinks like a rock.  It's a crude analogy but it fits.
Estrogen actually enhances how fast muscles recuperate from fatigue - we're not as strong as men, but a couple hundred thousand years of carrying toddlers while searching for roots and berries (and carrying those home, too) amounted to something for us chicks.
Similarly I've read that women are better at dealing with internal issues (illness, etc), while men are better at external.

I believe premature girls survive at a higher rater than premie boys.

These differences are important. They don't make one sex better than the other, they complement each other.
OK, noted.  SO no more women first in the lifeboats.
Some have, but no one will ever hear about it.
But then they would be relentlessly attacked by the very aggressive and loud brain dead feminist section of the population. So it's retarded women holding back hard working female athletes and forcing them to loose against men who cut off their dicks pretend to be females, or even females with dicks if they didn't cut their Johnson off. HONK!
She's great!
uh, no I've missed those. :)
I actually want to see a full mens team 'registered' as trans, take on a trans team.
His math works as a best case analysis.  Best case, the 800m women's swimmers maintain their record holding pace for 1500m.  Everybody knows that isn't how any race has ever worked, so it serves as a lower limit to the time, their times would be definitely worse than 15:08, which is already behind the men's record.

&#x200B;

But this is kind of irrelevant to the "women beat men at distance swimming", because when somebody says that, they are talking about things like the Manhattan swim (28.5 miles), which is dominated by women, and not some 1 mile or less Olympic race.

&#x200B;

The longest Olympic swim I am aware of is the 10km, which is still typically won by men, though the differences in times is less than for any other comparable event, so it is approaching the break even point.  Interestingly, men have been getting slower at this event over time, contrary to, basically everything else.
Just ,like horses are called geldings when they are castrated, a castrated male is called a eunuch.
i sure hope you don't know this from experience
Everybody calm down. The pussy had is now hate speech. We need to demand that anybody posting pictures of it be immediately banned from whatever social media they were using
Your comment was automatically removed because you directly linked to an outside subreddit or other user. This rule was put in place by Reddit admins because they don't want our users "interfering" in other communities.  Moderators will review for approval

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/The_Donald) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Your comment was automatically removed because you directly linked to an outside subreddit or other user. This rule was put in place by Reddit admins because they don't want our users "interfering" in other communities.  Moderators will review for approval

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/The_Donald) if you have any questions or concerns.*
She openly admits that she is 'trans' but that it's 1) Not Normal 2) she doesn't know what the hell it means 3) anyone who argues that differences between men/women don't exist are lunatics. 

It's cryptonite to the left, like Milo
Docking permission received, launch torpedo!
The problem is the natural life preserver. The rest of the body would drag any other part of the body if the buoyancy balance is heavier in the direction of the greater mass.

Unless the woman has a 55 F cup natural breast size with the rest of the body being light then it would not be considered a natural life preserver. 

The Breasts allow swimming to be easier though.
That’s just mean, but (as a Dame) I get your point! ;-D
That would be good too.   Opening seconds - hip checks and fights.
No shit Sherlock, and both are STILL biological male. Also a gelding/eunuch still has its parts minus its nuts. Totally different than a transsexual who has done "transitional" surgery and has non of its male parts, just scare tissue and an open wound.
It isn't my ghost typing this.
Oh come on, it says redacted!
WEVE HIT HER STERN FIRE TWO
Target that explosion and fire!
Literally, that’s all we do is post funny shit and support our president.  And love our fellow Americans.  Welcome!
Welcome! ☺️
Ah, another new recruit! TYL that 99% of Trump supporters are not racist or violent. Congrats on your first redpill!
Just happily supporting our President!
Welcome!  And guess what?  We couldn't give a shit if you are white, black, Hispanic, Croatian, Australian, Martian, Muslim, gay, straight, trans, bi, or identify as a horse. 

All we care about is that you love freedom, love our Constitution, and support our President.
Welcome !

All we ever ask of anyone is this. Ask yourself these 2 two questions only to satisfy yourself and no one else.

What do you believe and why do you believe it?

Once you question your own beliefs it require one to either search for information that either challenges or confirms those beliefs. It's a hellva journey after that. I hope you stick around a while and take a tour while on your journey.
Get this patriot a coat!
Welcome aboard. It's usually better with memes and jokes and winning. usually a lot less meta whining about reddit, but given the current circumstances it's understandable...
Everytime they "ban" conservative voices they just draw more people in out of curiosity . Since YouTube voxappocolypse I've found way more conservative  you tubers, oh the irony .....
Welcome.  The fact that people believe that the majority of Trump supporters are racist and would actually read racist things all day just goes to show you how successful the propaganda is when you never hear from a real conservative & conservatives are routinely silenced.
This is the nicest sub on the site. Stay around and see for yourself.
Comes for the controversy, stays for the mème.
Welcome!
I've been here since the Kavanaugh fiasco and have never seen anything remotely approaching "hate speech" (whatever definition they are going with now for that) on the top of the page or rising.
I'm impressed by how many people have joined this sub since the quarantine.
Welcome! Very glad to have you. Maybe you can stay a while and realize that everything the media says about Us, our president, and the right in general is just. completely. not. true.

Glad you came to see for yourself instead of just trusting what the news said!
We are glad you are here!
99.99
I think thats why many of us have come here. I live in a liberal shithole for 20+ years growing up and still do. Although my parents lean conservative, politics wasn't a huge thing in our house.. I could easily have just been a liberal, and there was point in early high school, where I leaned left (things like gay marriage and drugs).. but when I saw Ron Paul I started questioning everything and looking at both sides.

Trump and Ron Paul were quite different from each other, but their logic and knowledge of things I didn't hear elsewhere/before was what drew me to them.

With Ron Paul it was things like the fed, non-interventionism, libertarianism (drugs, taking gov't out of marriage, etc.). With Trump it was trade deficits, currency manipulation, different trade deals, and of course Hillary Clinton.

If you are logical, it is hard to have the knowledge of both sides of these things and still side with the democrats.
**FOR THE LOVE OF GOD GET THIS PATRIOT A COAT! THATS 205,509 COATS HANDED OUT!**

We are (%age) of our goal to coat the (population) great people of (City,State). Let's make sure everyone gets a coat in the United States! For every Centipede a coat, for every coat a Centipede!

This bot was created by devious1087, feedback always welcome. [Meme Reference!](https://youtu.be/OiYVVT1aQFM)

beep, boop, doin' what I can by hand with a copy/paste from the bot.
We few, we happy few, we band of brothers :)
Welcome!
Welcome! Here is a coat for your use!
Welcome
Get this man a coat
Fun Fact: Three feet from where AOC had her photo op was the end of the fence. On the other side of the fence was an empty parking lot. I know that would stir a lot of emotion for me personally but only if I was on acid.
Yeah I saw that! What a big fat phony!
If any of you lefties don't see the pure Facism here... You're the actual nazis.
Bernie will never get the nom.  They stacked candidates so nobody will get enough votes through first round of voting.  Round 2 the super delegates will come in and place the one they have already chosen to be the nominee.
Last election the Bernie bros showed that they will fall in line with who ever the establishment picks. They fucked up when they voted Hillary. They need to show the dnc that they wouldn't just vote for anyone because of the D next their name.
They'll get Biden and they'll like it.
The left will never have an outsider candidate again. They have become a church which encapsulates all major corporations and justifies censorship.
You may celebrate now lefties but they will be coming for you eventually
we're the resistance! Me, major corporations, the DNC, lifetime politicians...we're all the resistance!
You have to remember these are literally the stupidest fucking people on the entire planet.
Berners in the audience, stick around.  The DNC doesn't want you; they don't care about the poor; they don't care about the working class like Bernie does.  They will never let outsider Bernie become their candidate for president; he's as far outside the swamp as President Trump is.

Stay here.  You're welcome here.  You may not like the idea of The Wall, but it keeps Americans in their jobs and does as much, from a different angle, as Bernie's ideas for health care and cheap college do for working people.

Donald Trump represents working Americans better than anyone the Democrats will ever put on the ballot.  When the DNC inevitably stabs the Bern in the back this year, come on over to this side.  Trust me; you will *love* what winning feels like!
The sad part is that once we are gone, like really gone, they will begin to eat their own. It's inevitable, as it is nature's way.
Have fun hugging Joe Biden.
TheDonald is a forum and refuge for the oppressed. We are the Trump supporters who have to withstand all the abuses and invective language directed at us. The left can put their bumper stickers I’m With Her without any problems, but anyone of us who dares to show support to our president like wearing MAGA hats and displaying pro-Trump bumper stickers would be instantly subject to physical violence, vandalism, and verbal abuses.

It is the left who advocate violence against us not the other way around. How many leftist subs cheered Kathy Griffin holding a mocked severed head of the POTUS? Plenty, but none of them were quarantined.

As for the ludicrous claim that The Donald is promoting violence against cops, this is certainly not a BLM forum but a forum of Trump supporters most of whom are pro-law enforcement and rule of law. There are BLM disccussions in other subs, why weren’t they quarantined?

This is just another one of the many instances of political suppression. To those leftists and reddit moderators, do you really think you do the society a favor by suppressing the voices of the other half of the nation? Wait until there are no more dissenting opinions and all media and communication are controlled by one political party. Next they will persecute you for your conservative view point. Something like this happened in the 40’s in Germany called Nazism. So who is acting like Nazi here?

And who are these moderators who think that they know better than a collective group of thought provoking conservatives who happen to support our president?

I hope this is a watershed event that will result in the DOJ going after the social media in the Silicon Valley for their suppression of freedom of speech.
To any leftists seeing this comment... We dont hate you, we just dont agree with your views.
Painful and true.  What a mess.
It's funny they don't understand they have no choice.
Just stopped by to let people know:

&#x200B;

Fascism was the brainchild of Giovanni Gentile. He was an extreme leftist.

&#x200B;

Why isn't it called Gentilism (after all Marxism is named after Karl Marx)?

&#x200B;

Because the left doesn't want you to know the true roots of Fascism.

&#x200B;

You may now keep scrolling.
They are going to vote for an old white guy with a long and proven history of sexual assault and they are going to see no hypocrisy in that...
100% the truth, I've never seen such a large amount of people completely oblivious to what the party they are defending is trying to do.

What the DNC is doing now and has been doing for years is straight up nightmare fuel for any person that believes they were born free.
In time, even today's liberals will be targeted by these anti-American tech activists.
Hilarious Bernie isnt in the debates.

The DNC has been corrupt for many decades.
Good point.  We learned last election cycle that democrat primaries are complete dog and pony shows.  The DNC picks the candidate 100%.
Who cares, why would you open a dialogue with these fucking scum, they are quite literally worthless.
[removed]
As the saying goes, Fascism is forever descending upon the American Right, and landing squarely on the Left.
no they aren't. They are commies
[removed]
Lol, facism.  Are we discriminating based on facial features now?
Absolutely. 

And if some other candidate happens to gain traction, they will be suppressed just the same.

Wasserman stepped down but nothing substantial was ever done in the DNC to punish them. They successfully diverted all leftist attention to the Russia hoax as soon as Trump took office.
And whoever does get the nom is going to turn out to be a Hillary clone by the time election day rolls around. Hope you like pointless wars!
Would you guys in T\_D be stoked if Bernie (or to a lesser extent Warren) actually did get the nomination? It would have loved a Bernie/Trump debate in 2016. The fact that so many "liberals" are lining up behind the clearly corporate backed candidates is mind-blowing to me. I'm kinda outcome ambivalent on the whole thing at this point, but when people cry about Trump I always tell them that he is the President they deserve. "Pedes" have a brand political courage that no one on the left, outside the Bernie "bros," will ever have.
Not all of them, quite a few woke up and ended up here.
A lot may have, but some didn't. I know a few that voted for Jill Stein and never forgave Hillary or the DNC.

There also may have been some fuckery on Reddit to suppress these people after Hillary stole the nom. Way back I remember seeing analytics on here that showed what seem like an inorganic disappearance of pro Bernie stuff
I didn't. I liked Bernie a lot and still do, but when I said never Hillary I meant it. You got the President you wanted. For their cowardice, corruption and greed, the left got the President they deserved.

This community is more welcoming at often (not always) far more rational than the other side.
Like it? They'll all pretend he's the second coming of Christ instead of the tepid, low-intellect, low-strategy establishment clown that he is.
You can promise them whatever you want, then just pull the football away like Lucy. They know you won't vote for Trump because if you were dumb enough to believe their false promuses, you were also dumb enough to believe the propoganda that Trump is a Nazi
They are told what to care about.

Obama entered office against gay marriage. Obamaa killed more civilians overseas. Obama detained children at the border. They didn't care because the media didn't present it to them. 

They are very emotional and easily riled up. And now they have seemingly abandoned free speech. They are useless
Don't forget laughably helpless, skill-less and irresponsible.
you must be bored
Fascism and communism are not mutually exclusive
I don't mind moderation that prohibits calls to violence, but the threats amounted to 1 a day or less. They were low karma and removed by mods.

That is a statistical nothing in a subreddit with the volume of posts this one has.

They are in no way representive of the atmosphere here or even a small faction of it
I’m just waiting to see some examples of the threats of violence that weren’t removed by the mods.
As you can see from the responses you've received from your query, people are generally receptive to any outside opinions. They will disagree, perhaps use foul language (is that a crime yet?) but generally will follow the agree-to-disagree mentality, and by and large, be very respectful. (For a small pseudo-science experiment, go post non-leftist opinions in some other subs that I won't bother naming and report back to us) Perhaps what is said about this sub isn't in line with the truth? Perhaps there's another reason why the entire sub, and not just some rowdy users here or there, which may or may not be shills seeking to purposefully get us banned, is being quarantined, which we know is the first step to total expulsion.   
You do not support President Trump, that is 100% fine! This isn't a dictatorship. This is America and how boring would it be if we were drones and all fell in line? Iron sharpens iron, and outside ideas are always welcome, they make us better, harder, stronger. If someone has a better idea, then I say use it. This makes America greater. But to silence an idea or to silence speech, that is as unAmerican as it comes and directly goes against our founding principles. Only someone who hated America would wish to see us fail. And if that is the case, why should I bother to listen? Every country should think their country is the best. Just like I should think my wife, or my husband is the best. Is this factually true? I'm open for debate, but we should feel that way!   


Shine a light! Even the evil, hateful, rotten, demented speech, let the world see. Shine a light upon it. Let the world see these things and decide for ourselves. Are we men? (women/peoplekin/2-spirit/etc) or are we children? Do I still get to decide what is best for my own life, or does my father, the "government" get to decide what I can and cannot see? 

&#x200B;

To censor this speech gives it some legitimacy. "See! The reason they silenced me is because they know I'm right and they're afraid!" The anti-Americans who control the media and tech companies don't see how transparent their intentions are. They are the ones who are afraid. They cannot win in the open market of ideas. With a light shined upon us both, they know they will lose, so they resort to other tactics, which you are seeing play out before us. There is no magic soil here, this land is the same as any other land, it is what rests inside our soul that makes the difference. Greater men than me have believed in the wisdom of the American people. If I didn't in my youth, I certainly do now. You will find many many former Obama supporters here, Bernie-bros, Hillary-bots, Greens, Libertarians, and anything in between. We are not a monolith, just like America.   


I can engage with non-Trump supporters about politics, then go back to business as usual, just a little debate with a pal. I won't hate these people personally or change my opinion of them. But can the do the same for me? Sometimes, but not often. I now have the yellow star of MAGA attached to anything I wear, stay away from this man! Subversive! He goes against orthodoxy! His ideas are dangerous. Next time I see them, their first thought isn't like before, now it's racist-xenophobic-islamaphobic-whitepower-transphobic-hateful-wallbuilder-buffoon and so-on. 

&#x200B;

So to answer your question, the type of content policy and enforcement that should be appropriate is one that follows our 1st Amendment. If someone types, "I hate Jews." and it receives 100 upvotes, maybe this isn't a great place full of the wise. But if it receives 100 downvotes, didn't that prove that our community is tolerant, that we don't support such a thing? Vox Populi. What if we ask this person to give any rationale for why Jews deserve to be hated. There is no logical reason, which we would all soon find out if you let a person speak, and then we are also giving that person the opportunity to see the error of their ways. Rather than just banning them, which allows them to go through life thinking, "See! The reason they silenced me is because they know I'm right and they're afraid!" Sometimes you just meet a troll, they don't want to debate, they may or may not even believe what they say, they want to cause chaos and destroy. Hey, we were all young once! In those rare cases, ban an individual bur not an entire sub.   


Those with even a passing knowledge of what goes on here, will know that T\_D is one of the most respectful, pro-freedom, pro-debate, pro-life-liberty-pursuit of happiness places on the internet, filled with fine peaceful patriotic Americans and Non-Americans who love the President, not in any deific way, but as a flawed man who is really good at his job.  You may not agree with what is said politically, and that's your right to disagree, but none can say with any honesty in their heart that this sub is hateful. Those willing to suffer a little cognitive dissonance will soon realize that quite the opposite is true.   


May we all please agree on one thing. America was great. America is great. And American can be even better. Let's argue those details, the getting better part. Because if a person/candidate/etc. can't at least agree on that, then who do you really represent, and what are their motives? I'd like to keep a light shined on that. But like cockroaches, they scramble when the lights come on and they're nowhere to be found with the sun comes out.
1. welcome to The\_Donald. I voted for Obama. I support gay marriage and legal pot and capitalism and conservation and freedom and American manufacturing and the 2nd Amendment
2. our mods are doing their best and the community supports them. calls to violence get downvoted and denounced here.
3. Any subreddit this big is bound to have some bad actors or draw the ire of those who would pretend to be bad actors
4. IMHO, I subscribe to Aaron Swartz's vision for reddit: free speech, let the upvotes/downvotes take care of the problems
5. Social media platforms such as reddit are granted "platform" status, yet censor and curate content like a publisher. They shouldn't get the benefits of both worlds. Choose one.
6. This is definitely in response to the Project Veritas video of Jen Gennai this week. People say negative things about Project Veritas, but I urge you to not form an opinion until you've seen the video for yourself.
7. in fact, I urge you to not form opinions about most clickbait headlines until you've seen the source content: the speech, the debate, the rally, the video. When you start to do this, you may be surprised how much people are trying to influence your opinion
Maybe we could take examples and debate their appropriateness?

Ohhh NOOes! They won't reveal the examples. That sucks! Debate over.
Removing content that violates the policies, not entire subreddits. The “violations” were comments with low karma and not at all consistent with this extremely pro police subreddit. It is very possible it was a troll. If the comment that was concerned had been a post with thousands of upvotes maybe I could understand it but even then quarantining the whole community is too far.
Using the principles set out by the American government on speech rights would be a reasonable line.  Reddit is an American company after all.

Free speech is as much a principle as it is legal right.  The only areas where it ought to be restricted are where they infringe on greater rights (right to exist and bodily integrity).  So naturally no plausible  direct calls for violence.

None of that was present in the purported reason for the quarantine.  And its definitely present in most of the Leftie subs.  It's just a hypocritical pretext for banning us.
> content policy and enforcement do you think would be appropriate?


Beyond upvoting? None, zilch, nada.
Just FYI - at least 50% of the subs are lefties (especially socially) including myself. If that doesn’t scare the heck out of reddit.
Whatever they decide they want because it's their platform. 

If they want to ban all conservatives and Trump supporters, let them.

Just be aware that if you don't stick up for free speech and the exchange of ideas, you will eventually become a victim of censorship. 

I don't know what kind of "leftie" you are. Are you like full on, totalitarian antifa leftie? Or an old school leftie that hasn't realized they support the president yet?
Engaging > Enraging

Thanks for coming in good faith
If i go to one of your commie subreddits and make a violent post, that subreddit shouldn't be banned. It's so easy to understand you could only possibly be intentionally acting like a moron.
As soon as Trump won.
I would have been happy for Bernie. I don't want the system rigged against anyone.
Yep. Proud of it. Embarrassed now for my misguided ignorance, but proud to have woken up.
That's how I got here.
has anyone noticed how this guy slurs his words in every fucking speach??? Libs want this fuck to represent the free world and he can't put together one sentence about an actual platform. Dido for Pelosi. Glaucoma coming for these two...
This comment is so on point .  that I now know a man CAN have a period.   
Sorry to assume your gender gentlexir.   
I will now be voting Biden/Kamala 2020   
/s.
So from your view, it's not the content policy itself, so much as it's arbitrary (or in your view, perhaps decidedly not arbitrary) enforcement?
There are no examples. They made that up.
There is a list in the image included in the Quarantine post.  

It amounts to one admin removal a day.

One.

(so burdensome)
We talked about the militia in Oregon protecting Republican politicians.
A 3 day old account with 14 karma posted the bad comments.
This needs more upvotes.
Yup
I suspect one could discuss whether threats of violence should be banned without making a threat of violence; and such not invoke the wrath of Reddit.  Of course I have my own opinions which will likely diverge from the opinions of most of the people here...  But I am genuinely interested in hearing what they are.  (And as a note, not arguing as to whether the opinion is right or wrong...)
To be clear....   You don't think Reddit should remove content that constitutes a direct threat?  Or people perhaps even planning an actual attack of some kind?  Just upvotes and downvotes, and that's the end of it?
Glad you made it, brother
You're embarrassed? I voted for Gary Johnson.
At one point I was a Bernie bro (I had a RL friend really into him who sold me on his good points - which he does have some) - but this sub and Bernie’s actions opened my eyes.
I hope you grabbed a coat 😉
Ivy classic liberal here. Over time I've found T_D to be one of the true outposts of free speech on the Internet and surprisingly open to thoughtful posts from a wide variety of perspectives. 

The notion that it's violent is ludicrous.
Two things: 

First, the policy being enforced to a level impossible to keep up with. I.e. sock puppet accounts making posts and then taking screenshots of said posts made to make TD look bad, then making unfalsifiable claims on Twitter **cough media matters cough** 
I have been lurking here for a while, reading top/last hour posts only, and see deleted/removed posts way more often than I see anything inappropriate, and if it's still up, it's usually downvoted.

Second, these policies are only applied to TD. There are some aweful high traffic conversations on places like politics or redacted that do all of the things that they accuse us of, and then some.

This dom is being censored because of our support for the President, not because we have a disproportionately high level of inappropriate behavior. We are happy to debate anyone, but anyone who thinks the way to win the debate is to censor us needs to stop and ask themselves who is really the open minded and tolerant side. It's not the left.
Yes. I think this was brought on because media Matters did a hit piece. They are extremely partisan. 

For all I know those comments were made by someone with the intent to frame.  Regardless, They are a blip which has been dealt with. 

I don't think other Political subreddits receive the same scrutiny or discipline. Is the Antifa sub quarantined?
I think there’s a lot of hypocrisy aswell, I’ve gotten into debates over in the politics sub where numerous people have wished me and my family I’ll and flat out told me I deserve to die and they don’t care who I am or if I’m even a good person, just the fact I hold some conservative viewpoints. Not against gay marriage, I believe in equality between sexes and races etc. but I think they have the right to think I don’t deserve to live as disgusting an opinion that is but I’d never wish death on anybody. Been subbed here since 2015 and like the poster above you said, I’ve never seen a call to violence and I have visited this sub evwry single day since subscribing.

This is fascist behavior if you ask me.
Bingo.
Is a standard unfairly applied really a standard at all?
Yes.
100%, we support police and mock politicians.
The TD mods are saying even that one a day was because their ability to remove them was taken away. They have the logs to prove it. See the twitter post on it
Ah, you could say it was a dispute between two parties enforcing the law in that case. Wasn't that State vs Federal?

Both had law on their side.
Just gave it one.
I miss the upTrumps.
I don't even think downvotes. Why should they remove that content? 


Why do you want it removed? If someone is fucking stupid enough to openly plan a direct threat on the internet I would WANT TO SEE IT. 



Wtf are you so afraid of? Serious question.
I think Reddit should be fair. I think just because we post here we shouldn't be auto banned else where. I believe the example they have is bogus. They messed with the ability to remove the post at hand, it's in the Twitter pic. So you take the ability to do what we always have done, report, remove, ban. Then hold that against us. I've been here for years and this sub takes care of that's and racists. Most of the time it's new accounts which is usually indicative of garbage leftists on this aimi to get done what's just happen.

http://archive.is/LwpLo

https://i.redd.it/f0n87qrqsr631.jpg

http://magaimg.net/img/8b23.jpg
What is Gary Johnson?
Thank you for your honesty, it's a class move. Massive respect to you.
The erosion of free speech must be as terrifying to you as it is to us. I'm old enough to remember the original hippies and this censorship is anathema to everything they believed.
>Ivy classic liberal here. 

Corporate centrist formerly from New Haven.  

I appreciate the more marginal sites linked here like Zero Hedge and Alex Jones.  Regardless of their batting average, when they have valuable material they are often the only source.  

I really want to see the full range of opinion.   The Russia hoax showed that sticking to the MSM is completely inadequate.
Won't you get banned from other subs for posting here? I mean, I've got maybe 4 subs that I hit, so I've not pondered those consequences for myself, but for the uninitiated lurker (not yourself), that might inflict a higher burden.
Classic Liberal means support for free markets and cultural freedom, very similar to libertarian.

I think you mean you are an old school USA liberal, as in a USA liberal before identity politics.
> I have been lurking here for a while, reading top/last hour posts only, and see deleted/removed posts way more often than I see anything inappropriate, and if it's still up, it's usually downvoted.

I can second that. I fail to believe that there are any more real inappropriate things being said here than any other sub of the same size. It's a set-up, start to finish.
>They are extremely partisan. 

Understatement of the year. They are a DNC PR/propaganda arm.
No, it's discretionary wiggle room to ban speech you don't like.
Well, for instance if some sort of foreign organization were to use Reddit as a means of plotting an attack on the US.  Although, granted, you point out doing so in such a public forum would be ill advised.

What am I afraid of...   I really want to hear more about the views of people who feel different from myself, so I don't want to really inject my own views into this.  I'm not really looking to debate the point, so much as understand what other people think.

And BTW - thank you for engaging on this.
Absolutely. Strange times indeed when Tucker Carlson and Glenn Greenwald become firm allies in the noble battle to protect free speech.
I AM an old hippie - this is horrifying.  I have never seen any violent content towards the police here.  We are very pro law enforcement.
I read through the rest of the quarantine and looked at the screenshot - it was like 15 things in a month that Reddit had to remove.

One sockpuppet troll shill could have done a hundred times that many posts daily to earn his Soros check, and they are going to say that is the mods not doing their jobs????? That's 0.00002 posts per TD user per **MONTH**

I bet I could find that many violent posts that have been up for days or months on politics or redacted in 5 minutes.

Their justification for this is absurd.
I would say it's an amorphous excuse.
I don't think they should even censor groups like ISIS. If they are dumb enough to use reddit to plan a terror attack - why would you want to stop them? Censorship doesn't kill the ideas. It just drives them underground.
>Although, granted, you point out doing so in such a public forum would be ill advised.

doing so would be doing us a favor. The feds would be able to see everything and thwart the attack.  


Unless it's an attack on Stoneman Douglas High School, in which case the Broward County Police will do absolutely nothing to prevent it; then stand outside the school and letting the killing spree continue.
>Well, for instance if some sort of foreign organization were to use Reddit as a means of plotting an attack on the US.

I know exactly what you mean:

[https://techcrunch.com/2019/02/11/reddit-300-million/](https://techcrunch.com/2019/02/11/reddit-300-million/)
As expected a leftie avoids answering easy and obvious questions because, well that's what makes you a leftie. Deep down I hope you know censorship is wrong.



T_D didn't get quarantined today because a foreigner was plotting an attack. We are quarantined because our opinions challenge yours. Congratulations, you have powerful allies that will insulate you from that.
Allied against war too! Wild stuff.
It's a battle worth fighting. All reasonable, thoughtful people can agree on that.
Neither have I or I'd down vote and report
The claim is absolute bullshit. Everyone knows it.
It's truly absurd.
to be fair, this "leftie" specified why they weren't answering questions... they were not looking to debate and were solely interested in the views of who they were speaking with... 

&#x200B;

they haven't said what they believe to be right or wrong... they are simply asking questions to better understand the community.
[deleted]
This was the one and only place on the internet where a group of AMERICA loving, PRO-Trump, PRO Constitution, PRO freedom, PRO free speech people could hold a 24/7 TRUMP RALLY!  It isn't "politics" it's named THE_DONALD.  It's rule #6.  But even so, I've seen several respectful conversations here with non-Trump supporters as long as they didn't just come here and call us random ugly names.  


&nbsp;


https://magaimg.net/img/6zfj.jpg
There are several subs that do insta-bans for almost any comment.  Some subs ban us if we even post here once.  I’ve been banned from ten subs for absolutely innocuous posts and sometimes auto-banned because I post here.
Mainly because this is supposed to be a fan club for trump memes and other conservative leaning content. There is no pretending that we are a debate subreddit or politically neutral. In most cases you won’t be banned for raising alternate points as long as you are respectful and have a good attitude, but in general this is not the place for political debates or left-leaning posts/content.
Hi, and welcome. A lot of people here are socially left and fiscally right, a  large portion were Bernie bros, libertarians too.

I originally came here to see all the racist content I’d been hearing about. This was a while before the 2016 election, but I didn’t find any. Instead I found interesting discussion, high energy and honestly the biggest online family I’ve ever discovered.

I’m English. I live in England, and for the first time in my life I actually wanted to be an American.

Everything you have heard about this sub from the outside is a lie.
This cannot be overstated. It's virtually impossible for a conservative to have a civilized conversation anywhere on the web, except here.
Same happened to me on other subs. Instant bans and an extra "we don't allow people like you" comment.
My only regret is that I only have but one upvote to give you.

Welcome to the family.
Welcome aboard!
Welcome aboard, God bless, and stay comfy!
Get your friends on board as well! You're generation is the future!
Can't get enough of these threads, welcome!
Welcome! 🌹
Welcome.
Welcome to the good fight. Glad to have you. Now repeat after me: Google is evil.
LET'S GET READY TO RUMBLEEEEEEEEEEE
#Get this patriot a COAT!
Are you sure you wouldn't rather just be a good boy and have some corporate slop?
A mighty big Welcome aboard!
Are you sure you don't want to vote for the Spanish speaking dems? They are going to do great things for Mexico!
Welcome aboard the Trump Train.
YAY!  We are glad you are here!
The shitlibs will come to regret quarantining this subreddit. They just bought themselves a guarantee of four more years of Trump. The silver lining of this quarantine is that America will continue to become greater and greater under Trump's leadership. Victory for us!
**FOR THE LOVE OF GOD GET THIS PATRIOT A COAT! THATS 205,508 COATS HANDED OUT!**

We are (%age) of our goal to coat the (population) great people of (City,State). Let's make sure everyone gets a coat in the United States! For every Centipede a coat, for every coat a Centipede!

This bot was created by devious1087, feedback always welcome. [Meme Reference!](https://youtu.be/OiYVVT1aQFM)

beep, boop, doin' what I can by hand with a copy/paste from the bot.
Well said.. Thank you
L’chaim! We must persevere in the present to protect the future because we know the past.
I could have written that, but I didn't. You did, and I thank you.
What you've described should never be allowed to happen again. Thanks for the support.
\+1 ... conservative Jew here ... What reddit is doing they did it in my country of birth (legal American immigrant here) and it was called communism propaganda/censorship... @spez should be addressed as Politburo Chief of Democratic Party
America 1st?
My grandma was made into lampshade at Auschwitz and now us Jews are being quarantined once again. 

History repeats itself.
Someone get this centipede a coat.
Welcome
I'm not a "joiner". But I like a good community and I like this one very much.
Welcome!
For the love of God, will somebody get this patriot a brick??
So glad to have you!
Make sure you vote too
Welcome, glad your here
They took our bots away, but the sentiment is the same.

Take a ride on the Trump train, this train has no brakes!!!
They may take our bots, but they will never take ... OUR MAGA!!!
DO IT!!!!!!!
THAT'S THE SPIRIT OP!

MAGA
GIVE THIS PEDE A BRICK, FOR WE SHALL OVERCOME!

Seriously though, how do you get the bot to hand out bricks here?
Welcome aboard!
Choo choo! Welcome!
 please stay a while
New Troops to the MEME war! Saddle up Fren.
WE'LL MAKE AMERICA FUCKING GREAT AGAIN WOOO!
FOR THE LOVE OF GOD GET THIS PATRIOT A BRICK! THAT'S 146110 BRICKS HANDED OUT!

We are at 21.5791221632628073305486464% of our goal to BUILD THE WALL starting from Imperial Beach, CA to Brownsville, Texas! Let's make sure everyone gets a brick in the United States! For every Centipede a brick, for every brick a Centipede!

At this rate, the wall will be 1606.60998275801025079224496 MILES WIDE and 428.175925654838233107647676 FEET HIGH by tomorrow! DO YOUR PART!

brick bot is feeling under the weather, so brick distribution will be performed on a volunteer basis
Bots dead. Bricks are being handed out by volunteers
Bots are dead because of the quarantine.
Thank you for the brick! I'll make sure to put it to great use!
Follow up tweets:

##[....in our Country’s history, and the poverty index is also best number EVER), leagues and teams love coming to the White House. I am a big fan of the American Team, and Women’s Soccer, but Megan should WIN first before she TALKS! Finish the job! We haven’t yet....](https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/1143888632027189248?s=19)

##[....invited Megan or the team, but I am now inviting the TEAM, win or lose. Megan should never disrespect our Country, the White House, or our Flag, especially since so much has been done for her & the team. Be proud of the Flag that you wear. The USA is doing GREAT!](https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/1143888638004125696?s=19)
Imagine her face when she sees this tweet. Nothing quite like the PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES calling you out on your bullshit for everyone to see.
I love that he is inviting the TEAM, win or lose. And mentioning she should probably win first before spouting off, lol

Trump Curse will be strong on this one
##FINISH THE JOB FIRST!!!
# THE MADMAN SPEAKS FOR US!
is this the purple hair bitch?
You can't reason with a leftists, ever. They are brain dead and delusional with leftist propaganda. They'll ignore reality and stay within their bubble of delusion, its makes them feel safe
He should invite her to the White House and offer a one on one opportunity to discuss her issues directly with the President. If she refused, it would make her look very weak.
Just wait. They will twist the NBA owner part and reeeeee all the way home. Bet on it.
This will hurt her and the team more than they know. Great move, Mr. President
This is an excellent tweet. MAGA LOVE > SJW HATE
Called her out! Savage!
Such a lady.
The President could find the cure for ever known disease out there, bring world peace, help everyone become muliti billionaires and the left would still say " orange man bad" 😂
 Beautifully done Mr President.
Hasn't she played really terribly this WC? I haven't watched 2 minutes of any games...just read that she missed something like three easy shots in front of the goal.
Follow-up tweets:

##**[....in our Country’s history, and the poverty index is also best number EVER), leagues and teams love coming to the White House. I am a big fan of the American Team, and Women’s Soccer, but Megan should WIN first before she TALKS! Finish the job! We haven’t yet....](https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/1143888632027189248)**

##**[....invited Megan or the team, but I am now inviting the TEAM, win or lose. Megan should never disrespect our Country, the White House, or our Flag, especially since so much has been done for her & the team. Be proud of the Flag that you wear. The USA is doing GREAT!](https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/1143888638004125696)**
Eff athletes who disrespect POTUS and the tens of millions of Trump supporters. I am glad he called the bitch out.
This isn't a privately owned NFL team... This is the team representing the USA... ALL OF THE USA...and it is a privilege not a platform. Show some respect.
This - she should support her TEAM, win or lose, whatever her politics may be. True Athletes and leaders on the field put all personal differences aside for the good of their team, because they want their team to be the BEST of it's kind, and because they love the sport.  

Megan is NOT doing that.

Trump's invite, win or lose, is beautiful - because HE supports HIS Team..

#Team AMERICA
If the USA women decide not to accept the invite (win or lose), Trump should invite the 15 & Under team that beat them instead. That’d be an EPIC troll.

I guarantee you that purple haired bitch won’t come even if she’s invited; her and probably Alex Morgan.
'I can't spare this man; he fights' - Abraham Lincoln on Ulysses S. Grant
Passing up a chance to visit the WH because you're a douche, priceless.
He just univited the bitch and rescinded an invitation that was never given but invited the team. This is hilarious!
Why am I getting "Page doesn't exist" errors on these links to the President's Twitter?
Bahahaha. Win before you talk, bitch!
Why’d she have to make me root against team USA 😔
The USA has a women's soccer team?

Who knew?

When that women's team can beat a team of 15 year old boys then we'll actually give a shit about them ..
What a class act folks and a great representation of the US.  I wonder, does she kiss her mother with those lips?  Ol' Truck driver mouth has a lot of growing to do.
This soccer player is not just disrespecting Trump and his White House. She is also insulting the millions of Americans who voted for and still respect and will vote for Trump.
Tweet deleted? Not working for me
He has to accept that that sort of person will not listen to anything.. they just want to be all self righteous
She played horribly in her last game too. Yes, she scored two penalties but other than that she was dreadful. Constantly losing the ball and putting in horrible crosses. 

If I was a betting man  I would bet on France. The US team plays like a bunch of individuals and having a brat as your captain is a pretty honest reflection of that.
Lol like Curry, proclaiming he wouldn't go to the white house. 🤣 I laughed so much and was so happy TO won, the streets were empty, people were legit crying, and I was laughing and said to my friends "lol, well at least he doesn't have to go to the white house since he won't ever get an invite now 😂". They didn't like that.
It's soccer, which is a European sport, so who the hell cares? Besides that, it's boring as hell. I used to have cover soccer matches in my old job. The best thing about soccer is the clock never stops. In fact, it's the only good thing about soccer.
The Trump curse may just strike if she's not careful.
Honestly they should stop inviting any sports teams to the White House, no matter who is president. Why celebrate over paid useless people. They should be inviting police,firemen,border patrol,ice,military etc to honor them for acts of courage,valor and sacrifice. These are the real people who should be exalted and put on pedestals for people to look up to.
Womans soccer will be AWESOME when the trannies take it over.
Yikes. He tagged the wrong account.
He tagged the wrong person? On purpose?
Reee! NBA, owners, blacks, criminal justice and poverty in the same sentence is going to send SJWs into orbit.
What did the White House ever do to her to call it the F word
You'd thing that with all of the rampant unequal pay in women's soccer, Anderson Cooper would want to talk directly to the man who could get something done. Oh well, you played yourself.
I love the messaging here.  The media loves to bash Trump's "vulgar" language, yet here he is censoring the vulgarity spewed from one of his detractors.
Defund the team.  

if asked why... say THERE ARE NO GENDERS!  No separate team
I'd love to ask her how she plans to spend all the money she's getting from the USA. She should put her money where he mouth is not take any money for playing if she wants to be that way.
This is like working for a company and publicly bad mouthing it.
Ive seen her twitter page. Nothing but her plugging her clothing brand. Im willing to BET that she’s only doing this to gain attention on the media and get impressionable moronic liberals to buy her clothing. Sort of a pseudo-Kapernick ploy to money-grab.
He should tell her he is pulling tax payer financial support, and see if her coaches and the head of the org don't step in. 

I am assuming the national women's team gets govt support, and is not self sufficient.
Spoiler alert, Megan is a dude who will fuck up the games.
She actually looks like Anderson Cooper, and of course she died her hair like all feminists.
Maybe she doesn’t wanna get grabbed by the pussy
[removed]
Damn, that makes her look petty as shit but she is probably patting herself on the back for rustling the President's jimmies.
God, he just destroyed that little brat in 30 seconds.

Hey Megan, never forget....women's soccer....virtually no one in the US gives a shit about soccer in general, let alone women's. (Sorry for the blunt honest truth folks, nothing against the soccer kids out there.) So, you'd best enjoy your 15 minutes of fame, sweetheart. It's almost up.
# ☢️🚀 NUCLEAR LAUNCH DETECTED ☢️🚀
 
 should invite the team but not Meghan
Daddy knows best!
She probably loves the attention, I bet she is thrilled to have her name elevated to this level
Leftwing websites are racist



https://imgur.com/a/xtPleod
God Emperor just fucking checkmated this stupid virtue-signalling bitch. I hope she loses all her endorsements.
Forever!
 this will make her fucking life!  She and a huge chunk of the country are of her mindset. 

Never mind trump went from receiving awards for not being a racist fuck to . . . 

I've asked leftist friends who proclaimed trump is a racist racist to take me from hanging with Sharpton and Jesse and getting awards to where he is a massive white supremacist racist.
[removed]
She can't fathom the magnitude of it because they're still in denial as to who their president is.
5D Intergalactic Starcraft Chess
Please. Let’s all join forces and invoke the Trump Curse.
Puts some extra pressure on the us team now. I hope they flame out
The Trump curse is a great thing, but let's all hope it affects her and only her, and not the team as well.
By inviting them, win or lose, he put her in the position where she has to do the right thing or make a further ass of herself.
We need to meme "Finish the Job First" into meme fame.
There is a subreddit for that
Part of the reason he is so hated by the left including Europeans. Until Trump we had no voice. Our pockets were stripped bare to fund every politician pet project here and abroad and we had no voice.
yeap
Yes.
This is probably true of most people.
Plot twist: After speaking with him directly for 30 minutes she walks out of the West Wing sporting a MAGA hat
That's the point, this way the lib press covers the tweet.
Win win for Trump and the USA. If they win the USA looks good in spite of her spoiled brat antics. If they lose, Trump curse.
Only Biden can cure cancer though
Or he's unqualified
Exactly. I wonder how much govt support they get
Or the winning team if they lose. Ha!
he deleted the tweets cause he got scared ( and tagged the wrong Megan )
They won the World Cup in 2015 but ok
Nope.  I don't follow soccer, but they are actually really good - and they are representing our country on an international stage.

Comments like this don't make you cool.  You just sound like a douche.  If you're that butthurt over one soccer players comments, you're fee fees are driving you around like a liberal.
Can’t use dye to cover up that ugly face.
Toxic to humans. Secret Service will probably stop her.
I highly doubt trump will grab that lady by the pussy when he gets to sleep next to Melania trump
Lol. Only a few players haven’t gone, the vast majority have gone. So you’re wrong. A few idiots passing up a great opportunity means something is wrong with them.
whats wrong with the white house?
He’s too classy for that.
Be careful with hateful comments like that around the admins bucko
Thots love attention
Nasty woMAN disrespects the country is all virtue signalling for PR and nothing else.
Yes this. It's a stunt to get attention. Like the kneeling crap.
Yep, lets her go around and get victim points from all of those around her.
pussy moist as fuck thinking about big D
As a white American, I defer all accusations of oppression to the white British. If The Root is allowed to blame current day racial problems on old systems of oppression, so can I.
Somehow, I don’t think that will be a problem. 😉
Uh huh
What does this "voice" say?
I bet you think obama was more qualified...
They lost to a team of 15 year old boys.

But OK.
They lost to an all boys high school team 12 to 0.
>. I don't follow soccer, but they are actually really good

You should stick to not commenting on what you don't know about. 

No real soccer fans care about women's soccer. It's horrible, and describing it as really good is like saying a racing league of stock Yugos is really good. 

This girl needs to be reminded that you don't bite the hand that feeds your welfare ass.
oh oh oh ... please tell me how to make a cool comment ... please?

I don't want some anonymous person on the internet, who disagrees with me, to think that I sound like a douche ...
I like you. 

They are a good soccer team, they have a good chance at winning the cup and representing the United States. And they are Americans who have the right to speak out against their government. She sounds dumb, but she has every right to sound dumb. I wonder if the teams they are playing against can all say the same....
[removed]
Ageing irrelevant lesbians\*
Definitely fantasizing about sexy lingerie changing room rape
I'll blame current violent crime problems on current systems of black privilege. We are allowing gang members to groom our children and infect our culture with theirs. If I am held responsible for something 150 years ago based on my race, then they are responsible for something happening every single day based on theirs.
I gotchu fam https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump?ref_src=twsrc%5Egoogle%7Ctwcamp%5Eserp%7Ctwgr%5Eauthor
? I guess I phrased my joke incorrectly
Young men are physically superior to women.  No need to wait until 11 for the full story.

[Also it was 5-2 and it was a scrimmage](https://www.cbssports.com/soccer/news/a-dallas-fc-under-15-boys-squad-beat-the-u-s-womens-national-team-in-a-scrimmage/).

You're being petty.

Spez: Worth noting, for those who know nothing of sports, there is a huge difference between a U-15 team and the team your local HS cobbles together as an after-school activity.  These 'boys' are the cream of the crop.
Whatever brother.  I didn't say women's soccer was good, I said the US women's team was a good team amongst the women's soccer league.

Hive mind is hive mind regardless of political leanings.  Bashing an entire sport because of one woman's comments is just as stupid as the shit that goes on over at redacted.
Well you already made it better with the ninja edits, so I guess maybe you do care about us random people on the internet.
Not sure who downvoted you.  You're 100% correct.  She has a right to speak her mind, but she isn't free from the consequences of doing so.  I'd imagine many of the teams she plays against have players who lack that freedom.
Congrats on moving the goal post.  Typical.
This is like every conversation I have with my liberal friends.  Just last week one goes on a soapbox how credible Blasey Ford was ... I point out she verifiably lied about multiple things under oath, that her ex-boyfriend signed an affidavit saying she lied, and that all her corroborating witnesses did not corroborate the story.  I get a "FUCK YOU" and "DON'T ASK ME FOR MY OPINION IF YOU DON'T WANT TO HEAR IT".
Facts can be a scary thing to them
Oh the good old "fuck you" retort. A favorite among leftists when they've been exposed as complete buffoons
Get out of here with your hate facts!
I get told to shut the fuck up when I point out facts. It’s all they have now.
Facts are anathema to leftists.
#SYSTEM ERROR #48473832983

Choose reply:

- Shut up

- Fuck off

- Fuck you
No... fuck you! That’s what I would post!!
Where's the source stating that those pics are from 2015? My dem friends wont believe me when I tell'em so
I have to say, I just found this subreddit last night, (lot of "donalds") but I just want you all to know something. Posts like this and the follow-up discussion you have had here............ 


I'm finally home, I have found my people.
Any president who allows conditions like this is deplorable...except Obama, in which case fuck you.
Democrat’s continuously demand that Trump fix obamas policies before he ran for president.
Plus those are thermal blankets. They're very nice and do a hell of a job keeping you warm.
"Based on this specific thing, I've come to the conclusion that Trump is worse than Hitler"


"Trump didn't do that thing"


"***REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE***"
The pinnacle of leftist discourse.
Liberal cunts!
Yeah, that's just how they are. Got into it with one the other day who couldn't accept the definitions of "racism" or "discrimination" even after clearly showing her the very unambiguous dictionary definition. She was getting more and more upset because she couldn't accept that the Democrats are the racist ones.

She just kept using her own definition and then accusing me of what she was doing - arguing semantics.

For years now that's basically been the Democrats in a nutshell - getting angry when confronted with facts, and projecting.
You mean they don't like their propaganda efforts derailed.
Fuck You is their standard response to facts.
Don't confuse my hate with facts.
Can I get a link for the original pictures in 2015? Just wanna know if it’s true.
But the thing is who gives a fuck anyways? Someone tries to sneak into your country illegally and then you give em all a room and a blanket and a ride back home to try again and then you’re hitler for that? America is far more humane than any other country in this world when it comes to treating people with dignity just for being human. Liberals are kidding themselves acting like there is some type of holocaust happening.
Is there a link to the original photos?
Detaining people illegally entering your country in safe, well-provisioned, climate controlled centers <= scouring your empire for a certain section of your citizenry so you can work them to death with slave labor on starvation rations at squalid camps or put them in ovens.
I'm getting sick of the media saying "kids" over and over like they are all a bunch of infants and toddlers. What % are teenage males? Also, what do these people suggest we do? Just let everyone who comes with a kid in to roam the US while collecting benefits they don't deserve and that Americans should be getting? We can't get wall funding, but they'll fund this bullshit with billions and then a few months later, they will need billions more because the flood of free loaders continues.
When frustrated by having to confront facts, liberals will throw poop just like frustrated monkeys.
Same thing happened to me except it was with a snowflake friend of mines. Can't have a steady conversation with overly emotional people particularly ones with Trump Derangement Syndrome. Somehow he feels all of his life's and lifes in general problem was caused by Trump and people like Trump.
This one got almost 80k upvotes. This one made me laugh all day. Obama why do u keep bringing up Obama!? Because you keep posting pictures of HIS camps and keeping him relevant for jokes
lolololol!!!
Fort Obama
Trump is literally hitler. 

Wait it was Brobama?
Democrats and facts do not mix well.
Facts don't get in the way of what I believe!!! REEEEEE!!!!!
"Fuck yourself, you'll get more pussy"
liberalism is a legit disease.
Well guys, I’ve been swayed by the last guys logic.  Off to chug some soy milk and start working on my bitch tits.  Been fun comrades!
You shut up with your Hate Facts before you go to the re-education center, bigot. Let xir tell XIR truth!
These people are empirically stupid.
lol
facts only count if they fit into my previously established understanding of reality.
They are just building up reasons in their minds to murder you. It's coming, they are slowly dehumanizing and deplatforming you, and they want control to take away your gun rights so they can dispose of anyone who disagrees with them.
>please debate me

*fact*

>fuck you
eVeRyThInG i DoN't LiKe Is HiTlEr

The liberal response to everything.
Giggity
Touche
Return them all to where they came from. Close the border indefinitely. Zero asylum seekers, especially children. Then the dems will be happy. Problem solved. This is the Dems bread and butter for the next election. They want as much hardship and suffering as possible, not a solution, so remove the problem.
Me: Bitch that's a picture of a bunch of baked potatoes!

Crazy person: "I still hate Trump"
"No u"
Bernie losing in the manner he did and trumps presidency so far has been the biggest red pill possible for me. 

They're all lizards
The best part is that they don't actually care.
I brought up this fact before and was called a Fascist Nazi, we’re dealing with fucking toddlers
people sitting in a room with blankets.  the fucking horror you guys.
They're more interested in being morally right than factually correct.
Get out of here with your hate facts
Of course they don't like facts. If they paid attention to it they would have nothing to complain about.
Honey, we wish we could 'delete' you...
Oof, must be the tolerant left I keep hearing about.
>please delete me!

Too lazy to do it themself, why am I not surprised?
Can someone please post a side-by-side showing childrens' detention facility conditions under Obama vs. under Trump?
Truth hurts
It's pretty weird. I'm certain they are ALL aware that those are Obama pics/policies but the TDS is sooo strong that they feel better pretending it's President Trump's doing. 

The want to vent, scream and cry because they are unhappy/disfunctional people in general. Trump is just the therapeutic target/scapegoat to direct their anger toward.
All emotion all the time!!!  I love being corrected when I am factually wrong. It happens to the best of us with all the fake shit out there. I just tell the person I’ll research it and then I thank them for correcting me if I was in fact wrong. Now that person has helped me be a more informed individual so I’ll be better prepared in life. I don’t understand these folks who’s whole identity revolves around being right all the time at all cost. It’s ok to be wrong as long as you are willing to grow and become a better person from it. The problem we have today is most people on the left are having discussions in bad faith which ends up in arguments. In my experience it’s almost impossible for someone who is emotional to argue in good faith.
Deplorable
IRA at work in the comments.
> Fuck you
How many times are we going to have to go through the same fucking shit over and over.
I'm a leftist and I hate Obama too. Whatcha gonna do about it?
Easy fix. Go home.
Furthermore, Trump wants to add funding that will make it unnecessary for these conditions. The Dems are blocking this funding...
You can also let them know that Obama deported more illegals, and top it off with the speech he gave
So was that her response to the facts or another libtard? I wish follow up on these things were confirmed. Did she keep falling on her sword, backtrack, or cowardly bjust deleted it..???
Laid down some facts about immigration to "moderate" liberal  friend.  Her histrionic response: "Well, we've been friends for 40 years, but..."  But what, bitch?  Seriously?  No more discussion.  These folks need to be crushed.
Got em! Lol
Libtards don't believe in empirical facts. They believe that whatever they *feel* is the whole truth. Their personal internal experience cannot be refuted.

They are nothing more than overgrown children, and it is troubling that they are even allowed to vote.
You have to keep in mind they are all troglodytes.
tards: You can't let kids sleep on floors! REEEE!!

Admin: Ok, we'll go buy some beds from some liberals.

tards: WE'RE TRIGGERED YOU BOUGHT BEDS!
Tell her to take Taylor Swift's advice and "calm down"
Soooo they're saying 0bama is Hitler. Got it.
Fuck I consider myself an Independent but the stupidity of the Left is making it hard to even discuss anything with them.
I don't usually get involved with politics but...almost everything I see come out of the left makes them seem like they are from another planet entirely.
Nancy Lee spreads lies and misinformation.

Nancy Lee has a blue checkmark.

1984 is real!!!!
If they liked facts or atleast knew of 2-3 of them they wouldn't be leftist now :P
Leftists have a Hitler fetish.
Lefties want to be angry and hate you if you get in the way of that.
Lefties want to be angry and hate you if you get in the way of that.
Lefties want to be angry and hate you if you get in the way of that.
What is with the warning that popped up when I clicked on a link from r/The_Donald?
Democrats try everything to blame trump.
I wrote “2015” in the comments on this picture over on “another....” sub. Got banned in a matter of seconds 🤣
I wrote “2015” in the comments on this picture over on “another....” sub. Got banned in a matter of seconds 🤣
So did she make true on her promise to remove all Obama supporters from her friend list?
Liberals can't help it, it's their programming. They're not smart enough to think for themselves. 'Lash Out' is the last step when they've run out of bullshit to spew.
So i guess your not friends anymore lmao?
I mean true but the Trump camps look like that too. I mean are we gonna pretend that the kids there are getting treated humanely?
#ONLY PEOPLE WHO ARE LITERALLY HITLER USE FACTS

#REEEEEEEEEeeeeeeeeeeEEEE
lol this is majorly ridiculous. Posts bullshit, gets called out, resorts to swearing because they can't handle the truth.
Even if this was during Trump's presidency, I fail to see how "Hey you just broke into our country, so here's a little something to make yourself comfortable while we process you. It may not be the best, but its better then getting shot or instantly deported like other countries do." is as bad as Hitler.
No they don't.  Thats the typical response.
Where's the quarantine at?
I thought the first pic were of bags of weed.
Lololololol...god they are so fucking emotional and stupid
Q
Anybody have a source on those pictures being from 2015?
Proof?
It would be nice to see the "no borders" people round up diapers, formula, clean clothes, toothbrushes, toys, etc. for kids crossing the border instead of complaining about everything. The border patrol is having to bring stuff like that from their homes.
They never have....sadly never will.
Fuck you and your facts racists!
Are those pictures really from 2015? Is there a source for that because that's a BIG misdirection if it's being laid on trump and it didnt happen on his wat h.
A leftist just called Obama Hitler lmao
"Trump is as bad as Hitler"

Yeah, those kids are being detained because they broke the law, or their parents did. Jews were detained just for being Jews.

Those kids aren't being gassed to death, the Jews were gassed to death, just for being Jews.

Those Jews did absolutely NOTHING illegal, these kids, or well, their parents, did. The Jews got rounded up and killed for being Jewish.

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

I don't think these people know a single thing Hitler ever did.

What Hitler did like was eugenics, abortion, which is a big proponent of eugenics, censorship, beating people who didn't support the Nazi's, shall I go on? Leftists have more in common with Hitler and the Nazi's than Trump.
How does you getting intercourse change the fact that you corrected them with a fact?
Where is the source that the pictures are from 2015 or from 2019?  I'm not taking anyone's word for granted.
They are allergic to truth, must follow their programming, no wonder they get called NPCs.
People like this are such garbage
"Fuck you! "

Lol best response ever.  These people are nuts
Two words response says it all. When you have no argument, you just cuss at people, or try to deplatform them.
Lol classic
The fact that this photo was misattributed to the wrong administration doesn't negate the fact that this treatment is still going on, and is by many accounts, worse.

Congratulations. You found one image that was misattributed to the wrong administration among the many that haven't been misattributed, and that means the legitimate photos are fake news, apparently.

Like this one:

https://i.redd.it/3c9ak5j1ml631.jpg
Obama is just as bad as Trump
As an outsider from this place, I see you blaming Obama, for policies implemented by bush, as much as I see trump blamed for policies implemented by Obama. 


My concern however is NONE OF YOU stopped to think, this man you look up to, and claim as some great leader, and humanitarian has done nothing to change these rules. He has only made them worse. He tries to distract the masses from what's really going on in the world with his tweets. 


Trump is no longer a businessman. He is a politician.


All politicians are evil, crooked, and have no interest in their citizens, the sooner you will realize the er of your ways. 



At least the liberals/Democrats call you pretty to your face, before fucking you over. (even if it's a lie)

They never understand that if facts contradict your opinion then you're stupid and wrong
"DON'T ASK ME FOR MY OPINION IF YOU DON'T WANT TO HEAR IT".

Oh, we *wanted* to hear it.  How are we supposed to laugh our entire asses off at you Clown World NPCs if you don't Say and Do your Antics for us?
> "DON'T ASK ME FOR MY OPINION IF YOU DON'T WANT TO HEAR IT".

Translation in liberalese:  "DON'T ASK ME FOR MY OPINION IF YOU AREN'T GONNA AGREE WITH IT"
> "DON'T ASK ME FOR MY OPINION IF YOU DON'T WANT TO HEAR IT".

Opinions are like assholes...
What's a liberal friend?
To be fair, it’s a douche move to “ask someone a question” with the full intention of arguing with thier reply.
Might be time to get some new friends
I deleted most of my liberal friends off my facebook. They're just overall negative, constantly complaining about everything, they constantly blame all their problem on someone else ("the rich") and so on. I suggest others to do the same. If you have toxic friends on your facebook, give 'em the boot.
It's most likely not even her opinion. Leftists just parrot what they hear from their authority figures.
That's what happens when people think their uneducated opinions are the equal of neutral facts.
“It is usually futile to try to talk facts and analysis to people who are enjoying a sense of moral superiority in their ignorance.”


 Thomas Sowell
Notice the blackening on the edge of the pics hiding the the time date stamp
Because liberals are essentially "useful idiots" for the globalist Deep State. They are useful because they run interference against Americans that support a constitutional republic, and they are idiots because they are easily emotionally manipulated by those who "engineer consent" for the Deep State.

They are really NPC's in the globalist game, and the game developers ARE the Deep State.
So all Obama supporters need to delete her?
THIS is actually an improvement. Usually they immediately detach from reality scream "racist", "sexist", "homophobe", "fascist" ect then start throwing things kick their feet run away to a "safe space".
Facts can be "hate speech" to them.
Facts are scary to everyone now a days, sadly.
A single unsourced fb comment is a fact?
Some might say a conga line of buffoons.
Ignorant NPC pieces of shit like that only have a couple kilobytes of RAM for troubleshooting responses so they only have a handful of replies that have to cover every situation. "fuck you" "Nazi" "racist" "impeach Trump" "misogynist" "bigot" "fascist" "resist" "I'm a feminist" "real socialism hasn't been tried" "hey hey, ho ho [obj_chant_subject] has got to go" "bottom seeking top" probably cover about 90% of their needs.
Facts are hate speech. And hate speech is violence. Therefore, facts are violence.
[deleted]
you need to check that system because You're a Nazi was not an option
You forgot:

• Bike lock assault

• Hat theft

• Find an old white man in a wheelchair who looks like a republican and beat his ass
They never know how to have an online discussion without losing their shit. It’s always swearing or name calling.
It's not fuck me.  It's fuck you!
Fuck me yourself coward!
https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/c4bjr8/the_rest_of_reddit_is_fake_news_almost_60k/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app
Show them this bonus website too of Obama’s secretary of homeland security walking the compound 

https://www.dhs.gov/photo/secretary-jeh-johnson-visits-arizona
Commenter is wrong. They are from 2014 not 2015. And here's a source:  [https://www.apnews.com/a98f26f7c9424b44b7fa927ea1acd4d4](https://www.apnews.com/a98f26f7c9424b44b7fa927ea1acd4d4)
Holy shit, NPR...  


[https://www.npr.org/sections/thetwo-way/2016/08/19/490624225/surveillance-stills-from-border-patrol-facilities-show-crowded-trash-filled-cell](https://www.npr.org/sections/thetwo-way/2016/08/19/490624225/surveillance-stills-from-border-patrol-facilities-show-crowded-trash-filled-cell)
I just found it last week and it is indeed home.
Welcome aboard, don’t forgot your daily dosage of shit posting outside the sub!
Same here
Welcome!  Now get this patriot a coat!!!!
Obama = Hitler
LiTeRaL HoLoCaUsT
Racist used to mean someone that thought their race was superior to other races. Now it means "white man said something mean about or criticizes a non-white person".
Oh, was it that whole "Black people can't be racist because they dont have power over whites" bullshit?
 [https://tucson.com/news/local/border/plaintiffs-images-show-inhumane-conditions-in-border-patrol-cells/article\_b66634a9-0a27-5be9-9fe9-425cb61ed0cd.html](https://tucson.com/news/local/border/plaintiffs-images-show-inhumane-conditions-in-border-patrol-cells/article_b66634a9-0a27-5be9-9fe9-425cb61ed0cd.html)
 [https://tucson.com/news/local/border/plaintiffs-images-show-inhumane-conditions-in-border-patrol-cells/article\_b66634a9-0a27-5be9-9fe9-425cb61ed0cd.html](https://tucson.com/news/local/border/plaintiffs-images-show-inhumane-conditions-in-border-patrol-cells/article_b66634a9-0a27-5be9-9fe9-425cb61ed0cd.html)
The gas was supposedly Zyklon B, not gas for ovens. Just shows you how much misinformation is allowed to flow wildly around the Holocaust. The "ovens" is cremation, not burning alive...and that is all alleged, with shockingly little evidence and endless contradictions and implausibilities. In truth, the German built concentration camps were better built then American Concentration Camps for imprisoning innocent Asian citizens. Had the German's won the war, we might be hearing about the supposed American genocide of Japanese.
To be fair, xir said please *delete* me.

If only it were that easy. 🤣
He tried to secure more funding for the detention centers (which would have made conditions better), but the Democrats voted against it.
the "everyone wins and gets a trophy" mentality
>If facts contradict your opinion then you're stupid and wrong

I'm stealing this.
They can't handle failure because they've been taught their whole lives that everyone is a winner. It may sound like a stretch, but I believe this trickles down to something as basic as not being able to admit you're wrong because it's like a failure to them. 



There's not a single person in existence who is right about everything all the time. Being able to admit when you're wrong is a basic skill that everyone should have learned as a kid, but these people were deprived of it.
> if facts contradict your opinion **and you refuse to amend your opinion** then you're stupid and wrong  

People are entitled to make mistakes. Remaining willfully ignorant is a special kind of stupid.
But it's "her truth", not "reality". 

Geez bigot!
Oh, they do understand (they mock flat earthers and anti vaxxers for example). It's just selectively applied.
As an atheist I have come to realize that many atheists are religious zealots who don't understand most of their core beliefs about reality are religious dogmas they learned as kids.
HONK HONK
Do my bidding.
They usually assume that your existence means you asked for their opinion.  I know a few...
...everybody’s got one and they all stink.
Everyone has one but some burn more than others.
A miserable pile of secrets!
a liberal friend: someone that "tolerates" conservatives because the conservative adds something of value to their lives. 

someone to never trust, as they will stab you in the back at the first opportunity or when they can no longer use you for personal gain.

never trust the libs.
Assuming they even asked. Sometimes people just blurt out stuff because they cant control their emotions and make something up to cover their tracks.
“Do not give dogs what is holy, and do not throw your pearls before pigs, lest they trample them underfoot and turn to attack you."  
 

\- Matthew 7:6
that's all this is. their sense of moral superiority on every topic ever.
So, wanna talk facts and analysis?
[removed]
Good catch!
what does npc stand for? kudos for your comment!
> liberals are essentially "useful idiots"

but so much more. they are dangerous and damn near rabid in their personal attacks on people who hold conservative viewpoints. 

they cannot stand to have their motives questioned and cannot be reasoned with. 

Liberals will enact policies that destroy their own childrens future. then they will sit back and smile as it happens. 
when it all comes to a head they will either blame everyone else, or move to another area to destroy again. 

Never trust the libs.
Hate Facts!
At least there's a line. That's a good thing. - Bernie I Comb My Hair With A Balloon Sanders
Fuck you, fuck you, FUCK YOU
Given how many of them behave I wouldn't want to be in that conga line without full plate armored underwear.
About as long as it takes to send it down range?
Haha thumbs up for the Seinfeld reference 👍
Must be running an older version.
You get fucked ,I get fucked , everybody gets fucked!
Ha I’m stealing this!
Better get that archived before future democrat president scrubs history as they are known to do
The specific pictures used in op and that started the bs on twitter were timestamped 2015. But yeah, the policies were in place for years while their glorious lord kenyan was bragging about his pen and phone, and all of them cheered.
[removed]
**FOR THE LOVE OF GOD GET THIS PATRIOT A COAT! THATS 205,501 COATS HANDED OUT!** 
 
We are 68.8% of our goal to coat the 298,695 great people of Anchorage, Alaska. Let's make sure everyone gets a coat in the United States! For every Centipede a coat, for every coat a Centipede!

This bot was created by devious1087, feedback always welcome. [Meme Reference!](https://youtu.be/OiYVVT1aQFM)
It’s not just white men though, it’s literally any one of any color. If you’re a black man and come out in favor of the ideas of Thomas Sowell for example, you will be called an Uncle Tom self hating race traitor.
I mean, I'm sure she believes that, but it started more broadly with her saying the left isn't racist.

It got to the point where dictionary definitions had to come out, which was even at her request I think, and what her "argument" eventually got reduced to was "but racism is ok if you're doing it to help people of a certain skin color".

Which is hilarious in itself, because her entire argument assumed all black people are the same, and through the entire thing she just kept proving my point for me over and over that the Democrats are the racist ones.
According to their logic black people can be racists but only against other blacks. The litmus test a leftist applies to determine if a black person is racist is figuring out if the person agrees with them on every social issue. If the back person disagrees with the leftist on a single social issue then the black person is judged to be a racist against blacks and labeled an Uncle Tom.
LMAO, when I clicked I got an alert saying that the link was banned in Europe. That's all I need to know. Some real 1984 shit right there. Time to get a vpn.
Thank you!
I swear, these people would host a debate over whether or not 1 + 1 equals 3, just in the name of being "fair" -- giving credence to wordy and ridiculous stretches of logic from the [1+1=3] side just to avoid having to tell them they're wrong and, very likely (they think) hurt their feelings.  "They wanted to debate with math, and that's what counts!"
God bless the boomers.
Getting told "I'm the problem" for asking why I dont get a Reimbusrment for Free college for paying off my loans..lmfao
That mentality is on both sides . . .

I just wish there was a place on reddit to actually discuss politics with non-hostile people who are all big ass babies on all sides of the political spectrum. Fucking echo chambers :(
"Facts don't care about your feelings"
Dude, when republicans don't have the majority in government and will lose votes what do they do? filibusterer, run away and hide to avoid a vote, cry because they lost. Guess what, not everyone is a winner.

I also hate the democrats before you say shit about that, don't care about them either.
I like how they also assume everyone around them is a liberal—without even knowing the person. Like someone could walk up to them at some bar or party, they have no qualms about going in about Hitler Trump and whatnot. SMH
> Don't exist if you're not going to agree with me.  

Yeah, sounds like them, all right...
I literally don't have any. I have friends that don't care either way because they hate politics. But all my friends are smart enough to know when they are being lied to.

The rest of my friends sit around and discuss what idiots people on the left are.
This. I was also told that once you tell the truth to someone, leave it at that. If they choose to cry about it or decline it then they are as blind as bats. However, it does not mean they are lost, they still might come around in the future because of some event or something someone will say and it reminds them of what you told them.
wat
The solution is simple; beatings
Non-player character.

The ones you encounter in a video game that are not other human players, but are just programmed, and when you talk with one in game, the responses are all pre-programmed.

The Left is all pre-programmed, too. Diversity-this, and HateSpeech-that. Inclusion-this and Tolerance-that. Cis-this and LGBTQARBJEWUBNSAJEJ-that. They are just biological robots. I wouldn't be surprised if most of them would fail a Turing Test. They are functioning on about the AI level of Racter or Eliza.
They will be like zombies once civilization collapses... mindless, violent, scavenging, worthless. Most will not survive what is coming, and the few of their ilk that do will not be welcome in my group.
You know guys, I tried imagining a nation without a president and I couldn't figure out what'd happen.
Lol!
It's hard to keep up, but do you legit think he's Kenyan or is this one of the running jokes
Honk Honk
The last ever coat bot post.
omgosh, ALWAYS use a VPN for everything you do. Get it on your phone, every computer. do not browse without one. (I use NordVPN, works on mobile & you can run it at the same time as on the computer, just a suggestion. Though I'm sure you already know this, sorry if you do!
Wow, that's just the Tuscon local newspaper. Real dangerous stuff there /s
This is the mentality that allows them to be anti-death penalty and pro-abortion.
[DEAR REDDIT ADMINS: IF THE_DONALD IS A PUBLISHER THEN REDDIT.COM IS AS WELL -- REMOVE THE QUARANTINE IMMEDIATELY \(long post inside\)](https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/c5unr8/dear_reddit_admins_if_the_donald_is_a_publisher/)
If you are proven wrong and try to filibuster then sure, I see your point. Point to me to a case when Republicans did a filibuster when they were clearly proven wrong on the matter.
 This bothers me more than anything. They watch the shows that reinforce their views, hang out mostly with people who agree with everything they say and they just assume  if someone doesn’t look like a Nazi they must agree with them because only hate-filled demons support Trump.   You know what? I thought that practically everything Obama did was terrible for America. But I also kept my fucking mouth shut because I know that nobody wants to hear me bitch in line at the super market, the library, shopping for Christmas, or during a barbecue- all places I have mostly bitten my tongue around hysterical liberals over the past 2 years.
But with a place like Reddit, thousands of others may see that and a few of them may still be operating in a rational state of mind.
I think he means we have our facts and the left has their "facts" and never the twain shall meet
they are beating us and getting away with it, remember the bike lock guy trying to break people's skulls and got probation? or the milkshake retards in UK? or any other video of people wearing maga hats getting beaten up and the mainstream applauds it
The beatings will continue until morale improves.
can we stop pretending it's anything other than racism now? They are perfectly fine with it when Obama does it and they hate or pretend to hate it when Trump does it. They don't give two shirts about the people in cages. They're just looking for excuses to attack the white president


We know from the articles that they read 



https://imgur.com/a/xtPleod

that they are extremely racist. So let's not pretend anything other than racism against the preside
Doesn't matter where he came from anymore. It's passed into meme now.
*sad music playing*
The duality of this is truly amazing. 

Kill someone convicted of horrible deeds by a jury of their peers? 
>Nah. 

Kill an innocent unborn child? 
>That's not a fucking baby fascist!
I hate to be the Devil's Advocate but aren't we conservatives also hypocritical when we support the death penalty and not abortion?

&#x200B;

I know the answer to this: one is a punishment (death penalty), the other is not. But it flies in the face of the sanctity of Life credo we espouse. 

&#x200B;

I struggle with this. What about you pedes?
To be honest, it’s worth it (this might be exactly what you’re arguing, whoops).

I’ve said it here before: I work for Democrats in Congress. I’m taking a shit in Rayburn House Office Building literally right now, going to go to the Longworth cafeteria for lunch because it happens to be closer, then back to my desk.

People in this sub are clear-eyed on a lot of issues, it’s often refreshing. I am someone who used to buy into all of the outrage, all of the time, and not question at all where I was being led — just lost the fog, like so many seem to be.

Not everything is perfect about this Administration. Not everything was great about the last one. But there are some serious efforts going on today to fundamentally change America, and not for the benefit of many people currently living in America. It’s important to call these things out, no matter how many imaginary downvotes you receive, because there really are people reading and listening, even if they don’t realize they’re open to it.
That typo makes more sense considering the times we live in.

EDIT: For context, Ekiph had "moral" in place of "morale".
What did I do? I'm not a politic-following dude but I know enough that the guys you're talking about are bad? Leftists, right? I should avoid politics.
Well, that's quite some collection! Thank you for sharing. I am a white male. I used to believe 'white priviledge' was a crock o' malarky. My last semester of college, I took **SOC 268 - Ethnic & Minority Groups** class. This book did a good job presenting the historical facts of how white people have systematically used their power and wealth to subjugate and oppress non-whites (Chinese, Japanese, Negroes, Indians, etc). At first, I didn't accept it, but as we went deeper in the book the evidence was overwhelming. I realized there is a lot of historical accuracy and truth behind the claim. If anyone is interested the textbook we used is:  *Koppelman, Kent L., (2014). Understanding Human Differences: Multicultural Education for a Diverse America. Pearson Publishing*.  [Here is the 1st Chapter](https://app.box.com/s/burl53onhekr94jkqj4xc4agkqzlnqes)  All that being said, racism goes both ways and is equally distributed. I don't believe for one minute that white people are more prejudiced than people of color. Furthermore, people of color are themselves responsible for much of their issues and problems due their own foolishness, criminal behaviors, and immoral lifestyles.
Weirdly ok with that response
Rights (life, liberty, and property) are sacred, yes.  However, all forms of legal punishment involves the removal of rights.  Jail is a denial of a person's right to liberty.  Fines are a denial of that person's right to property.  And the death penalty is a denial of that person's right to life.  All this is appropriate, though, when the person convicted violated another person's rights in the first place.
Do you believe that killing in self-defense is contradictory to opposing abortion? You might say these things are different, but self-agency is at the root of both. I believe there is a profound distinction between an unprovoked killing for the sake of personal convenience (which is what most abortions are), and suffering the consequences for knowingly breaking a long-established social contract. Just as your attacker has committed to the potential outcome of his actions (whether that means being killed by you, or the state), and thus owns them, by the same token an unborn child cannot be responsible for anything that happens to it, and any willful act of harm to it is evil. Choice matters; western society is based on the burden of choice.
There are 2 Kingdoms, the Kingdom of God and the Kingdom of Man. Should I pay my taxes to an unjust King? -- is the same logical question. Jesus answered this perfectly with "Give unto Ceasar that which is his." In other words, in the Kingdom of Man, each person has an obligation to render unto Ceasar, or Obey the Law. So paying your taxes, stopping for red lights and not killing others. If you do run a stop light, you should pay yor fine and if you kill someone, you will pay with your life. Having a child is an act which begins in the Kingdom of God -- where a life is created and entrusted to a human. Of course, killing that child is wrong and should be opposed. This is neither a contradiction nor is it illogical, which opposing the death penalty and supporting abortion is. Remember Jesus also addressed this when he said it would be better to tie a millstone to your neck and throw it in a river -- than harm a child. So, I don't know about conservatism per se -- but if you listen to Jesus -- there is no contradiction in obeying the law of the land -- and paying for it if you don't -- and holding unborn life sacred
whoops
I don't think you did anything dude, he was just saying that the modern left is racist.
This is a meme, right?
I misinterpret a ton of shit.
This is the beginning, not the end.
I'm still here
[deleted]
Thank you ZOANOM! 

We will rise out of quarantine. God is on our side.
TRUMP 2020
45k online now. Doesnt look like we are giving up
Not giving up, bring on the 2020 shenanigans. Trump 2020 MAGA!!
These people don't realize that closing down this sub will push all of us into the default reddit subs lol
Never give up! Never surrender! They haven't seen the last of us. We're just getting started. 😉
Yes this place is not gone, quarantines are temporary, the fact that they resort to this means they've got nothing else.
The people "signing off" and "saying goodbye" are probably the Mobys that shit on us to begin with!
**HEAR HEAR**
If I were a quitter I would've fled California or checked out of life completely. A quarantined sub on Reddit is about as threatening as a toddler's clenched fist, and equally as effective.
Amen, Brother.
Ain't nobody giving up shit!
The Left cannot meme, and can only ban our account once. You cannot kill ideas. Especially ones better than the Democrat platform.
If the ship sinks, then it's been an honor playing with you tonight gentlemen.

If not, then we ride harder and stronger!
Most of those posts are by 10-minute old accounts. They're just concern trolling.
We aren't going anywhere, Reddit just did the best possible thing for President Trump's 2020 campaign.
damn straight, nobody said the 2020 meme war was gona be easy
Stand your ground.
The fact that this happened shows that TD has been correct for a while. The Quarantine is proof that memes can sway public opinion and expose corruption. The MSM is scared of the effect places like TD can have on votes.
This is merely the end of the beginning
I see many of us staying even more are joining.j I know i am,not going anywhere
I haven't seen any goodbyes. Maybe they are shills pretending to be part of us so that they can influence us to leave. I have seen a lot of people pissed and prepared to stand their ground however.
Seriously?

I was out at a class, came home to the quarantine  

I didn’t see anyone saying goodbye.
We need a non-Reddit mirror site?  Is there an API?
people don't admit defeat they just change the platform. So what if we get banned? You can push someone from his platform but you can't prevent him from climbing onto another
I plan on participating here as long as this sub is open.

If this sub were to be shut down, I don't plan on leaving reddit immediately, I will continue to venture out to default subs and participate, not in any malicious manner, but I will continue to give my opinion on things, and call out things that are just downright ridiculous.  

I'll probably eventually be banned for wrongthink, but hopefully by then I'll find an online place to spend my time.
Holding the line, sir!
2020 is going to be a huge disappointment for the left
farewell fair weather friends
I'd call it... the end of the beginning. And the beginning of what's next.
It’s not the beginning! 2.5/8!
God-damned right.
Or at least the next best thing!
Where any posts and comments we make will be deleted.
That's assuming this isn't just a prelude to a full ban or mod-takeover. They will say months from now that they tried to get the mods to enforce their demands but it failed and use that to justify a ban of the subreddit.
>quarantines are temporary

Is there a single right leaning sub that has had a quarantine lifted?
That may be true.  Good observation.
Right you are!
K so when do we move to the next website??

Edit: when TD gets banned, which they won't do. They'll just censor and suppress and shill us to keep here.
Yeah probably best to keep posting on a quarantined sub where everyone already agrees with you about how you’re not going to give up.
This is what *always* happens.
This sub got quarantined the day of the first Dem debate.  If I had to guess, it’ll get banned the day they finally choose their candidate.
Weekendgunnit. Their tendies got reinstated
It will be banned before 2020. We need a better platform where we aren't playing by their arbitrary rules and glaring double standards. Gab /g/The_Donald
Hopefully thinkspot will be up by then. Just in case
Not to mention claiming she was native American to get into harvard
Daddy issues.
Oh yuck.  So Warren will say or do just about anything to get ahead.  Lie about her heritage. Steal a spot from an actual minority.  Marry a man to use him for money.  Drop him when she's done.  All very unattractive!
Yuge if true
Knowles is a fucking savage, just went straight for the throat.
She's even more horrible than previously thought.
Yeah and that was her overpaid, one class teaching gig. Her degrees are from University of Houston and  Rutgers (The State University of New Jersey).  Bet any affirming white woman with such would have been laughed off campus.
Also claimed her family was dirt poor yet her family had three cars including her six year old MG. Dirt poor people owned zero cars when she was growing up. Just another fake poor person like Bill Clinton and Joe Biden.
This is 100% true
If this is true........... wtf if this is true...
I'm getting drunk tonight and watching this clowncar shitshow
Here’s a preview:

muh orange man bad

muh free shit

muh guns are bad

muh taxes are good

muh refugees/migrants/undocumented Democrats are awesome

Edit: Added muh pandering to women about infanticide and the fake wage gap and muh pandering to every non-white male category
Anyone remember "Too Many Cooks" from Adult Swim, and the later Republican field version?  We need to make one called "Too Many Crooks" and the Democratic field.
#BLONALD GLOMPF IS FINISHED
CLOWNS CLOWNS EVERYWHERE!!!! REEEEEEEEEE
#YOU GET AN INDICTMENT AND YOU GET AN INDICTMENT.........
The Hateful 38
We need to keep a running tally of who mentions Trump the most.
It's almost like an Oprah show.  "Dems, look under your seats!!!"
It’s so they can get around the maximum individual donation limit. Donate to multiple candidates and it all gets laundered to the DNC.
Tulsi and Yang are like the only two to come off like they don't just hate America. This debate is gonna be hilarious
This is going to be absolutely hilarious yet frightening, because millions of people still hang on every breath of these retarded communists and socialists and their promises of free everything.
Mike Gravel.....just kind of stands there and then walks off.....my man
A plethora of pinatas
Every Democrat who fears indictment are "running for President"
Trump should start off his live tweets by tweeting "I'll be posting any good points made from any Democrats tonight! Stay tuned"

Then he'll have a really good date night with his wife and won't need to be on Twitter at all.
What time does it all start gmt?
Digging the smash bros theme 🤡🌎
Im ready for the Trump Tweet Storm.
It's a shame politicians mostly just stand around and talk and never really do anything genuinely entertaining and exciting.
That music is way to epic for all but one of those people! Should just be 2 minutes of Trump with that music in the background.
I am running too!
Every last one of them an enemy of America !
Only good one is Andrew Yang, he’s doesn’t just shit on Trump and ask for pity votes by saying “orange man bad.” He even said that indicting him would be wrong.
What's the best way to watch this clown show? Can I get it online or do I have to look at a regular tv channel?
Honestly, if Donald wasn't re-running, I'd vote for Tulsi.

Really hope she gets the nomination, but she's too honest so she won't.

&#x200B;

[^(https://www.tulsigabbard.org/tulsi-gabbard-on-the-issues/foreign-policy)](https://www.tulsigabbard.org/tulsi-gabbard-on-the-issues/foreign-policy)
I think Tulsi Gabbard has a great shot to win the presidency, but the left won't let it happen. She's too much of a centrist for them.
Ok Don will win.
I can't wait to watch for the laughs
Do we need to curb our enthusiasm?  Nah, this is just too good! Bring it on. 👍
OUUU so many to choose from! I'll take this one who's for reparations! No wait... I want that one for single payer healthcare! No... hold on... maybe I want this one who's for free education! Hmm, well... this one says they're for increased taxes on the rich... or do I want the open borders guy... umm, maybe the guaranteed income person. Well shoot, maybe I'm just for a woman... or the black one... there's an asian too? Gay? Where's the Indian woman I keep hearing about? Maybe she's for me... maybe the former vice president is more my jam... ooooh I just can't choose. Maybe Hillary will run, that'd be good. Well, I guess as long as they hate the orange man, that's good enough for me.
Jokes aside I would smoke any centipede 1v1 in smash as Pac-Man, bring it 😤
If these were real characters in Smash, Robert Orourke’s move would be to move his hands like E. Honda in Street Fighter.
Oh shit the debates are on? Too bad Trump wont be there to turn it from unwatchable bullshit to prime television
Democrats have already lost, I’m almost sad there won’t even be a challenge for Trump
The_Donald needs to pick their own 'Average Joe' to run on their platforms and troll the entire lot. Surely we can get that one person enough signatures to enter debates and Iowa caucus.
Isn't this is a great way to circumvent the donation laws? Can't you donate the max to each candidate and then the party takes all the funding after you drop out? Or am I mistaken? Sorry from Canada not sure how it works exactly.
Fun fact: Julian Castro has misappropriation of funds skeletons in San Antonio's closet.  To anyone interested in looking into it. There were official Texas state audit findings related to state grants that are the thread to pull on.
Get your drink on with the official Debate Drinking Game [http://thedemocraticcandidates.com/](http://thedemocraticcandidates.com/)
This is why we were quarantined.
[removed]
PeachMINts NOW!!!
I don’t know why but this video is so funny lol
I didn't see the thumbnail of the video before clicking. I saw the title of the post and immediately thought of Smash.
What time and what network tonight?
Time?
It's all gonna be a two day circle jerk of who can say Orange Man Bad the loudest and offer the largest amount of reparations and student loan forgiveness.
Smash confirmed!
Does someone got a drinking game for this debate tonight?
Missed opportunity: there should've been a lot more echo fighters in that numerical lineup.
Are we going to have a fun watch party?
Let’s turn this into a drinking game. 

1 Drink every time one of them tries to paint themselves as a bigger victim. 

And 

1 Drink every time one of them puts another one down for not being “woke” enough.
This is hilarious and horrifying all at the same time.  ;-\
🤡 🌎
Would the list be shorter if we showed who wasn’t running?
The script: dem 1 I hate liberty and freedom.

dem 2 No I hate liberty and freedom more and I want to buy your votes

Dem 3 No I hate liberty and freedom more than all of them
LOL Mike Gravel is running again???

Ohhhh boy.
I'm in the Miami area. It's hot as HELL today with not a wisp of a breeze, and The Everglades are on fire. The Dems must feel at home.
"Kitchen Sink" has my vote in 2020.
I do like Gravel.
June 26–27 — Miami

The lineup for June 26 will feature Elizabeth Warren, Cory Booker, Beto O’Rourke, Amy Klobuchar, Julian Castro, Bill de Blasio, John Delaney, Tulsi Gabbard, Tim Ryan, and Jay Inslee.

The lineup June 27 will feature Bernie Sanders, Kamala Harris, Joe Biden, Pete Buttigieg, Michael Bennet, Marianne Williamson, Eric Swalwell, Kirsten Gillibrand, Andrew Yang, and John Hickenlooper.

**Both Democratic presidential debates will air live @ 9pm ET on NBC, MSNBC and Telemundo.** The Democratic debates will also be available as a free live stream online through [NBCNews.com](http://nbcnews.com/), the NBC News apps, Telemundo, and NBC News’ social pages on [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/NBCNews/), [Twitter](https://twitter.com/nbcnews) and [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/user/NBCNews). Streaming will also be available through a cable or satellite TV subscription via Sling TV, fuboTV, Hulu with Live TV, Playstation Vue, YouTube TV and DirecTV Now; free trials are available through most services, some markets not available.
rip etika
Joker for President!
How many people will offer free health to illegals and open the border?
I feel like this meme is kinda weird and I might be missing. Didn't the Republicans have like 22 candidates in 2016?  (counting withdrawals of course), while the Dems had like 15? Is this the joke, the fact that they went from 15 to 25?
They should put Banjo in too so I have someone to root for
Mike Gravel?
Not really a trump supporter, but this is kinda cute
Take a drink Everytime one of them says:

- Trump
- Free
- Socialism
- Far-right
- Impeach
- Mueller
- Undocumented
Ever Yone is Running
Bernie Sanders is like the Yoshi of smash Bros.

You can't recover.
#IT'S TONIGHT?!
And Hillary Clinton in a backpack.
I want Yang to win this.  Though I love our president, I feel that Yang is the only one who can give Trump a run for his money, without it devolving into smear tactics.  I don’t want this to be easy for president Trump.  Hillary was pretty much a given to beat.  Someone like Yang plays a every different game from the rest of these clowns.
We need to make bingo cards.  FREE SHIT can be the center space.
they should hold it in a big tent since they're all a bunch of clowns
I'm going to need some of those foam bricks that used to get hurled at Howard Cosell.

 ^^I'm ^^sorry ^^if ^^this ^^is ^^the ^^kind ^^of ^^hate ^^speech ^^that ^^caused ^^the ^^quarantine.
0:39

**Did you mean...**

# Robert Francis O'Rourke?

^(what happened to that bot?)
It can't be coincidence that The_Donald was quarantined the same day.  I mean, what are the odds?
wow not using Bernie running through the airport, downvote
Where can I watch the debate without giving any of the major MSM Networks the views?
Is Warren gonna be white or indigenous tonight?
Does anyone know how I can watch it online? I just moved into my place and dont have cable yet
I knew it, I KNEW it was going to be a smash bros reference lol.
I feel that the super smash logo gets a connection to the dems and it feels bad. Super smash is super fun and nice game and yeah dems are not fun and nice...
Needs to be updated for Joe Sestak. DLC, maybe?
I don’t know who Mike Gravel is, but that made me laugh. Actually had to look at the background to see if it was a still photo....then he just walks off. Perfect!
Anyone know where we can watch without generating clicks/views for NPC/MSNPC?
I thought debates were supposed to be unbiased and objective? Look at this shit: https://www.newsbusters.org/blogs/nb/geoffrey-dickens/2019/06/26/it-could-get-nasty-nbcs-debate-moderators-history-hating-trump
[Michael Bennett](https://youtu.be/zWU6BJUnJwc?t=101) sure looks a lot different than he did when he ran from the cops in Vegas and blamed it on profiling.
Who the hell are all these people?  There is no way any of the second and third string could think they could actually get enough votes to win.
MOAR FREE STUFF!!!

ORANGE MAN BAD!!!  
And multiple folks will gang up on somebody who looks like they are in the lead.

That's all your hearing tonight... guaranteed.

Its going to be glorius following POTUS on Twatter
...more like DOPEFULLS am I right?
my fam jokes around that our dogs running for potus cuz shes more qualified than half of the dems
mannnnn lets fast forward to next year so I can push the button to re-up for another 4 years of Prosperity 

Somebody load up the Doritos Time Machine ASAP!!!
crypt keeper bernie looks even more decrepit than he did 3 years ago
I only heard of Yang ( Surprisingly) , Biden and Sanders, Who are these other people??
Literally a few people less popular, in terms of knowing who they are, than my local deli staff.
Mike Gravel? Go back to 1974, Mike
This is so,awesome!
Don't forget to follow your favorite president live tweeting this clown show.
It always bothers me they don't do this kind of shit on a Friday or Saturday.  I don't drink during the week.
You have to drink every time they promise free shit.
###**CLOWNCAR SHITSHOW**
same.  looking forward to it!
when will this be on exactly ?
I can some it up for you so you won't have to waste time watching:  FREE FREE FREE FREE!
any idea where a swede could follow this shitshow? will it be streamed somewhere? do you know how long it is until it begins?
I feel like the Benny Hill theme song should start at 0:11.
AJ is literally calling it Clown World.
Ranked by average time talked about:

1. Orange man
2. Illegals
3. Guns
4. Taxes
You forgot Muh pandering to every "marginalized poc" one by one
Dem platform:

White bad

Non-white good

Women > Men
You forgot about :

muh women rights

muh gay rights, trans, 80 other genders, and black attack helicopter rights
Bernie ranting about "da one puhcent."
You forgot:

Work those white slaves harder to pay for all this extra free stuff for non-whites

AND

Everyone in the world that is non-white and has never contributed anything to humanity gets to live off the white slaves
[Bingo Card] (https://imgur.com/a/cyVhEsQ)
dont forget faggots and trannies
Oh sweet mother of god
I love this idea
I just stopped hearing the music and now it's cranked back up to 11.  

Great idea, they would just need to extend it another 15 minutes to fit in all the democrat 🤡🤡🤡
We need a bigger clown car!

Honk honk
"Every time I hear a political speech or I read those of our leaders, I am horrified at having, for years, heard nothing which sounded human. It is always the same words telling the same lies. And the fact that men accept this, that the people’s anger has not destroyed these hollow clowns, strikes me as proof that men attribute no importance to the way they are governed; that they gamble – yes, gamble – with a whole part of their life and their so called 'vital interests.'"


Albert Camus
Can't spell free without REEEEEEE
And not a logical thought to think.
Followed up by the

##“...and Growing: Big Mike Edition“
That would be a drinking game that'd have everyone on the floor after the 1st 5 minutes.
My money is on either Kamala Harris or Pete Buttwhatever.
Underneath the seat is a note saying that everyone gets a tax increase
Like what they did with Bernie, 30 times over.
Damn I never thought of that
Yang is the one to keep an eye on. The only one not playing identity politics with a clear vision on how to fix the core problems of what's happening in our country.
My two favorites of the bunch, by far. I love Tulsi's anti-interventionist stance, but not a fan of some of the economics and culture-politics. Yang is just an interesting fellow, and I enjoy watching him. The rest of the Dems are an absolute shitshow.
My Midwest university town is full of Bernie stickers.  Haven't seen any for the other candidates.
Cracked me up
Just looked him up. AOC fan, 89 years old. Douche
Both nights:

01:00 - 03:00 UTC

02:00 - 04:00 BST

21:00 - 23:00 EST
So who's going to waste a portion of their life watching that??...the Swamp and their staff. Vegans, SJWs, academics, eco-activists, libtards and the Bill Maher audience don't give a flying f...…. They'll vote to line their pockets but they won't watch 5 mins of that shit. There'll be more Deplorables watching to spot the mistakes--but after 20 mins it'll just be too painful.
I prefer [brawl](https://youtu.be/PInuVXgxO1g) tbh.
the second night will be exciting, I think there will be 1 or 2 guys who will challenge crazy bernie.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qq0eKI3mVUI
\#MeToo2
>He even said that indicting him would be wrong.

sad when that's a plus
Fuck that Chicom plant. UBI would absolutely destroy our economy which I'm sure is his goal.
Dunno about good - UBI would ruin US.  

Robot economy guys are way ahead of their time.  The internal combustion engine and trains changed everything - and low and behold we still have plenty of work to do..   
Same for things like sex dolls and self driving cars.. 

&#x200B;

The only thing good about Yang is that he is intelligent - if misguided. Any attempts to expand the welfare state should be rejected - as we are already stealing from the unborn.
It would be livestreamed on YouTube, just search for "Democratic debates" when it's time.
Keep an eye out for Yang during the debates. A logical, moderate candidate who doesn't play identity politics and actually cares about helping the American people.
She’s the only democrat I can tolerate.
She's a gun grabbing Berniecrat.

A young attractive socialist.
Nah, Urinatingtree already used the Crub your enthusiasm for the Los Angels Dodgers.
I'll take number two with fried rice!  The Asian guy for guaranteed income but can I have my college debt canceled and I'm one quarter African American so reparations except the Indian lady says if I'm LGBT I could get double reparations, thinking about how to identify if she wins...
Yes he learned form his former mentor.
I recently interviewed for a job and looked up the manager and saw that she volunteered for Julian Castro’s campaign. I was offered the job and rejected it. Not because of that, but I would be lying if that wasn’t like a fraction of a percentage that made me decline. So gross.
Your comment was automatically removed because you directly linked to an outside subreddit or other user. This rule was put in place by Reddit admins because they don't want our users "interfering" in other communities.  Moderators will review for approval

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/The_Donald) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Also drink whenever one of them says "our democracy."
Probably all of them. The all have to out “free stuff” the other candidates.
2016 was an open election - no incumbent.  So lots of candidates on both sides was not all that surprising.  And I don't think the Repubs reached 20+ until later in 2016 whereas the Dems topped 20 in early 2019. 

So those are the chief differences.  They're all climbing into the clown car because they think they can beat Trump.  But that is pretty unusual for a race with a sitting incumbent.
Yep that's why we're quarantined now.  Just in time for the watch party
Is he live tweeting this one or the one tomorrow?
I normally dont but I'm on vacation!
They don't want to risk people actually watching it. If they could get away with not broadcasting it at all and simply handing it over to the MSM to extract soundbites, they would.
Most people would go out and not stay home to watch this crap. They have a larger audience during the week. Those that work are usually home..but I get what your saying.
That's not fair, I dont want to die of alcohol poisoning
There's not enough liquor in the world to play that game.
#New flair!
9 PM EST
9pm est, NBC YouTube stream
You forgot Free schools and reparations.
👌
He's not totally wrong though, even if you can't take him serious. 

Obama rewarded the elite who defrauded the whole world through the housing ~~bubble~~ fraud and instead of executing them all as they should have been,  then the gave them trillions of free money that future generations will be responsible for as reward for having pillaged trillions.
🤣
Fix the typos for border and economy, and add something more to muh, and you’re good to go.
# [HONK HONK](https://dyn1.heritagestatic.com/lf?set=path%5B1%2F4%2F9%2F0%2F5%2F14905766%5D%2Csizedata%5B850x600%5D&call=url%5Bfile%3Aproduct.chain%5D)
If you are voting based on race, sexual orientation, or “free things” at the expense of someone else, or benefiting criminals, that’s un American. MAGA.
That’s a fabulous thought.  Happy cake day!  ;-)
Ding ding ding
Because you're not a criminal mafia.
Dear lord, how did he end up a Democrat?
Your reply just showed me this place was quarantined. I couldn't read your comment and at first thought it was just deleted because we talked about the other candidates respectfully. But nope, site wide censorship. History isn't going to be kind to the people suppressing ideas rather than beating them with better ones
Same. Never heard of him. I thought it was fake - expected more fakes after him.
Yes a progressives wet dream of fantasy and naivety
People who are interested in politics.
I want to know when Trump will start live tweeting it.
I can't wait to watch this shit. It's going to be more entertaining than anything else on television that's for sure.
I'm more of a melee guy, but I have yet to play Ultimate.
https://youtu.be/cOz31Ps1KAA
\#MeToo2020
Better than a $15 min wage
He isn’t a plant from China, his family came over here from Taiwan just a few short years after China became communist. If he was a China plant I’d personally be impressed how they made a spy out of a man who’s family has no ties to their government and a man who was born in New York.
What would destroy our economy is having tens of millions of people (especially in rural America) lose their jobs without a strong net and without a clear path to a better life. There is no question that that is what is coming. We've already automated away millions of manufacturing jobs. We are in the process of automating away millions more retail, call center, and transportation jobs. The tech is already there and is already in the real world. Lyft just updated their app for riders in Vegas to start taking self-driving rides.  


Being unprepared for this is just asking to risk economic collapse.
He is intelligent. I read his book about how automation will take our jobs. It is called The War On Normal People. He says that because automation is happening so rapidly we will not be able to adapt quickly enough. He talks about the industrial revolution and how there were riots in the streets. This is much bigger! Truck driving is the most common job in 29 states. That job will be gone within 10 years. What will those people do! The average age of a trucker is around 50, with poor health due to the job, a high school education, and loans on their trucks. Do you think they will go quietly? Andrew Yang wants $1000 a month for every American adult to help them transition to new work. **If you already get welfare, you can choose the $1000 cash or welfare, but not both.** All that money distributed in the economy will create 2 million jobs, greatly help smaller towns, and lift every person out of poverty. It is not enough to live on, so people will still need to work, but it will help them make better choices and give them access to money to help them change jobs.  I really think it is the best idea out there.
The robot economy is a thing we'll have to face eventually, it just isn't here yet. Thing is, if we jump the gun on it, it won't ever come because we'll be too busy jackassing around on Free!* money until the economy collapses to actually build the robots.
[https://www.theatlantic.com/international/archive/2015/09/welfare-reform-direct-cash-poor/407236/](https://www.theatlantic.com/international/archive/2015/09/welfare-reform-direct-cash-poor/407236/)
That's the thing though, they aren't ahead of their time. There is a study from Oxford Economics releasing today that forecasts another 20 million manufacturing jobs will be automated by 2030. Technology progresses exponentially and we are on the cusp of automating away a significant portion of the jobs that exist today. Sure, new jobs will be created... but at a lower rate, for other people, in other places.  


Technology keeps ramping up. There is no stopping it. It's better to be prepared for the changes this will bring than to sit by, do nothing, and hope it all works out for the best.
Yep but I think the bigger issue is that putting her in as president is putting the democrats into power. That cannot happen no matter who the candidate is.
Easy on the eyes, too.

Unlike the other 99% of all Liberals.
Say no more fam
I’ll be dead by the time we hit the 3rd candidate
Thanks for the clarification, I really appreciate it.
Wait there is two? Idk maybe both.
[Hmmm...](https://i.imgur.com/DBcUtoo.jpg)
There's a good chance I would be out too but then I could DVR it and watch it when I get home.  If I did that today, I'd have to wait 4 days to hear all the free stuff I'm gonna get when Warren2020 happens!!!!!!!
thanks
Thank you!
[done and done](https://imgur.com/a/yCd4lrf)
The same way Trump ended up a republican.  Not beholden to the party but knows it’s the best venue to reach presidency.
Because automation is am urgent issue and he needs a platform to become president as fast as possible.
"Nothing to see here, nothing to be concerned about."

It's certainly, not election meddling, no sir.
> People who are interested in politics.

And/or entertainment.
You are hereby nominated to watch it on behalf of 6 million Pedes who have better things to do--and report back here (just the best 'retard' bits, meme potentials). Thank-you.
Ultimate is the fastest pace compared to melee when looking at Brawl, Smash 4, and Ultimate. It plays pretty well.
I consider myself more of a Capcom guy, although I do play Soul Calibur VI and Dead Or Alive 4.
Fair point, but plants often times might have no direct connection to the government. We just had a Muslim president who "allegedly" was born in Hawaii and had his academic career funded by rich Saudis. Taiwan has a much better moral compass than China, but I still don't trust anything that has ties to that region. All of his policies sound exactly like what I'd do if I wanted to destroy America from the inside with a war on technological industrialism and policies that will lead to rapid inflation (all things that would catapult China into further being a superpower).
> There is no question that that is what is coming.

Look up luddite.  The Left has been saying this for a long long time.  Don't repeat their propaganda.
This argument about automation is so fallacious. People have been saying this since the industrial revolution I'm sure. We are living in the most automated time of our lives and unemployment has dropped to a 50 year low. When human employees become outdated in a certain field, it simply means less people are willing to have these jobs as a career goal, and will simply go to another field. It really only has a disparaging impact on people who have been working the same job for decades, and those people are few and far between relative to the general population. Furthermore, and while I don't agree that this would be a sound policy, the answer to automation would be to increase welfare benefits for those who are unemployed. It wouldn't be to give 1k to each and every person.
I wonder what the maytag men, horse drawn carriage builders, telephone company operators, and cobblers did when their jobs became automated or obsolete?

Happens all the time. People will need to adapt.
 They have tried out UBI in some countries. If you pay people to do nothing - turns out more people will do nothing. This is not conducive to societal improvement. 

I was hopeful for UBI for a brief period - but its just not going to work. Money is not magic - it represents work done that other people are interested in.  So if you start giving it to people that aren't doing that sort of thing and taking it from those that are - you will run into massive inflation. 
Free money is pumped into the system but the people doing the shitty jobs will start quitting. So less work gets done and inflation rolls in. Taxes will rise to cover this situation - so each person can get more then the 1k. Then more inflation.

 This is what happened in Venezuela - its what will happen here too if we get UBI.  UBI is pie in the sky thinking - not going to work and no president is ever going to have the political power to implement it and cut other social programs.

The only positive thing you can say about UBI is that it will speed up end of the welfare state.
Welfare does not create jobs. Trucking will not vanish overnight. The average age for a trucker and the looming obsolescence is a good enough sign for young people to consider another trade.

Automation takes years to roll out. The jobs will vanish, but there will be adequate warning.
The robots are already here. Self driving cars are already on the roads. Employee free stores already exist. Manufacturing plants are already filled with robotics. Amazon warehouses are continuing to employ less and less people. The tech is there and it will continue to spread. Just because you don't see it every day doesn't mean it isn't there.  


The absolute worst thing we could do is to sit by and just let it happen to us and be unprepared. That's just asking for turmoil and possible collapse.
[deleted]
Disagree, its hard to jackass around on just $12000 a year. That $15 Minimum wage will rape our economy though.
How many jobs were lost to the internal combustion engine and electricity? Self driving cars aren't even close to a reality.  They have no clue what to do when road is not painted properly etc - because computers are stupid and have no judgement.

Twenty years from now we will have truck drivers napping in trucks - and watching what is going on when they are loading and unloading. This is not much different then planes - which have been quite automated for even longer..

We can argue this all day - but total % employed is GOING UP. Not down - if the robot revolution was crushing us the amount of employed people would shrink and not rise..

This doesn't mean we should be entirely stupid and import say 30 million manual laborers. But its not going to happen anytime soon.
You're welcome!
Yeah, there are two.  Lol. Too many Ds for one event, so they split it into two debates.
Now there is two of them... this is getting out of hand...
There were two Republican debates last cycle, and that was with only 17 candidates.
I don’t think both groups deserve his attention lol. I wouldn’t live tweet the little kid’s table debate (the first one)
👌
If you don't listen to the opposition's talking points, it's the same as sticking your fingers in your ears. I seriously doubt anyone of them will say something insightful, but it's good to:  


1) know the oppositions talking points  
2) know what seems to be driving the opposition  
3) keep a clear mind and a level head for bullshit.
That's great to hear I really can't wait to play it. My only issue with brawl was the slow pace of it. Mario Kart Wii was a letdown IMO as well. Double dash is probably my favorite kart racer of all time.
Never played the DoA games, but I've heard great things. Soul calibur is by far one of the most underrated fighting series. Mortal Kombat is my favorite because of the universe and how brutal it is. I've always wanted a MK vs Capcom game.
He wants to make our technology sector rival that of China’s as we put barely a forth of what China puts towards automation. The argument being that we need to either be on their level or ahead so they can’t have a position of power over us in the Artificial Intelligence market. If he was a Chinese plant he would more than likely not say a word on this. He is a capitalist through and through as he has ran a non-profit known as Venture for America for the past few years since 2012 to help college graduate start businesses and promote growth across the United States. He is running for president as an extension of this as he realizes the coming wave of automation will lead to mass unemployment do to the amount displaced workers being unable to do the jobs that were replaced. The jobs will be cognitive and repetitive work such as manufacturing, transportation, delivery services, basic paperwork in offices across America, accounting, taxes, cashier work and cooking in most fast food locations. The incentive is there, efficiency, saved money, and safety. The technology is here on highways, in warehouses, and even in our homes. The wave is coming whether we want it or not.
Yang isn't left, he's pragmatic.  Engineers are getting paid to come up with automation solutions, and it is happening faster than ever.  When a business gets it working, their competitors jump on it too, and the result is a lot of layoffs.  Yang simply thinks that this pace of automation is going to increase, and is not wise to wait but to start doing something about it right now.
But it isn't. When before has automation been accomplished through means of deep machine learning? The problem isn't just that we are automating away all these jobs, it's that we are doing it far more quickly than we are creating new jobs. And the new jobs that we do create are for completely different groups of people. Do you really think 3.5 million truck drivers are just going to learn to code (which btw, top tech companies are training neural networks on how to code)?  


The most common jobs in the U.S., held by tens of millions of people, are the ones that are the most susceptible. To think that what is happening today is the same as what happened 100+ years ago is just not paying attention.
>Welfare does not create jobs. Trucking will not vanish overnight. The average age for a trucker and the looming obsolescence is a good enough sign for young people to consider another trade.

Agreed, Welfare doesnt create jobs. But a democrat proposing to eliminate welfare is political suicide - UBI is the most efficient form of welfare, which is why people like Milton Friedman argued for UBI. And UBI will probably be important if automation takes jobs (though Im far more concerned with the question of what people are supposed to do with their lives if jobs disappear - without work what is your purpose in life?) 

&#x200B;

I also agree that we can retrain some truckers to become welders/plumbers/carpenters, who arent going to be automated away anytime soon. But overall, job retraining programs are ineffective ([https://thehill.com/blogs/pundits-blog/economy-budget/323885-thus-far-federal-job-training-programs-have-been-an](https://thehill.com/blogs/pundits-blog/economy-budget/323885-thus-far-federal-job-training-programs-have-been-an)) and this is backed up by data. Look at the shit ton of industrial workers in the rust belt, who lost jobs to either the Chinese or automation, and are now being hammered by an opioid epidemic. Those are good people who probably tried to find another good paying job, but failed.  

&#x200B;

The bottom line is that automation is going to take away the jobs of millions of truck drivers, retail workers, call center workers, etc. I do not know whether Andrew Yang has the best solutions to these problems, but he is the only Democrat willing to talk about this very real issue. And Yang is willing to talk to all Americans about this issue. See his interview with Tucker Carlson:

&#x200B;

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IotorCh7dPM](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IotorCh7dPM)
[https://www.theatlantic.com/international/archive/2015/09/welfare-reform-direct-cash-poor/407236/](https://www.theatlantic.com/international/archive/2015/09/welfare-reform-direct-cash-poor/407236/)
Not only that. It'll incentive the adoption of automation. Destroy small businesses and in the case of restaurants, it'll just be passed down to the consumer in the form of a "service fee". Seattle passed a $15 minimum wage and that increase just made restaurants adopt a mandatory 20% service fee to the bill so you have to tip 20% whether service was good or bad.
But... they are a reality. Literally. There are thousands of self driving cars already on the roads in the U.S. There are thousands more on roads across the world. My friend is visiting Vegas and his Lyft app updated to enable him to take self driving rides.  


Some of the largest companies in the world (Amazon, Walmart, Google, Ford, GM, Tesla, Uber, Nvidia, etc.) have invested hundreds of billions into this. Just step onto the streets of San Fran, Pittsburgh, Phoenix, or Vegas and tell me self driving cars aren't a reality.  


But it's not just driving. It's happening in various industries. I worked in IT for years, it's happening there too. Just in the last decade I've seen huge amounts of automation when it comes to network and server management. And it's not happening soon, you're correct. It's already been happening.
We need a bigger 🤡 car
It's afraid. That's why we got 'quarantined.'
lmao

My wife likes Tulsi. Should tell her the first debate is for the little kids.

;)
I thought Liz was at the first debate and she’s tied for second place
Ya, if you have a switch and people to play with, it's pretty good. Big guys like Bowser and Ganondorf are viable too. It's not as fast as melee but it's good. Brawl was awful.
I could see a MK vs Capcom game.
Our technological sector will never rival that of China's if we are giving away 1k every month to citizens because we're sort of against this whole "slave labor" thing China doesn't have any concerns with. We need that money pumped into the economy if we're going to continue making quality products at a rapid rate. UBI is the antithesis of capitalism, so that's simply not true. It's the most basic concept of economics that printing money destroys capitalism because of inflation. That's essentially what Yang wants - to print an extra 1k for every citizen over 18. And suddenly everyone will become surprised when you start having to spend an extra 1k a month on food, groceries, and rent.
"Deep machine learning" is hardly different than programming a machine to do a job. The only difference is in one scenario the machine is taught by a human, and the other teaches itself. Humans have been essentially doing this, again, since the industrial revolution. No, i don't expect 3.5 million truckers to learn to code. But rapidly over time people won't even consider trucking to be a career, and will instead spend their time learning something different. Same with McDonald's employees.
I’ve been seeing a lot of news about how bad its working out for small businesses in places that adopt it, and the funny thing is that most $15 wage supporters think of amazon, walmart, and other big companies that already have that wage or are closer to it than the small local businesses that pay minimum wage (for low skill jobs) to keep costs down. The economics of raising minimum wage by twice what it currently is do not look great for anyone other than the corporations that the left hates.
I would never patronize a business that has automatic "gratuities". Because that's not a gratuity.

That's the reason I stopped getting pizza delivery. I'm not paying a delivery fee plus the expectation of tipping.
Bro.. what are you talking about  there are ZERO self driving cars in the US.  All of them currently require a guy at the wheel ready to step in at any time.  Getting that last 10% of automation is going to be a nearly impossible task.  Guarantee they will still have tons of truck drivers in 2025.
This 🤡 car needs a hatchback!
Perhaps a 🤡 van. 🐄
She’s the only “real contender” in that lot, as far as I know.
He’s not printing an extra $1k for anyone.. The money is already there - he’s just moving it around.
You mention that we “need that money pumped into the economy”... well, that’s exactly where it would be going. There’s no better way to put money into the economy than to have the citizens do it themselves. They’ll be buying tech products, cars, clothing & groceries, directly investing in the economy via stocks and mutual funds, repaying loans, buying houses... It all serves capitalism & the profits of private enterprise, but gives more people the ability to contribute.
The 1k a month will not cause inflation due to it coming from money already in circulation. The prices may spike but the downward trend of price decreases will equal it out along with competitive pricing. The owners and the people working for them will also be receiving the 12k a year so they will be getting a slice of the dividend. The prices will not raise substantially unless all businesses simultaneously raise prices. Same goes for all areas of the market
The 1k a month will not cause inflation due to it coming from money already in circulation. The prices may spike but the downward trend of price decreases will equal it out along with competitive pricing. The owners and the people working for them will also be receiving the 12k a year so they will be getting a slice of the dividend. The prices will not raise substantially unless all businesses simultaneously raise prices. Same goes for all areas of the market
This is uninformed of you to say.  He’s been very clear on how he will make UBI work.  No printing required.  In fact he’s the only candidate who comes with real world math and diagrams for clarity.  UBI and capitalism aren’t somehow mutually exclusive.  The game monopoly was designed to be a microcosm of capitalism and literally features a UBI by passing GO.  Putting 1k in the hands of every citizen can actually do is a lot of good and keep them in the economic game.  1k in the hands of hard working people will afford them the capacity to work on their ideas, it would encourage people to move for work and take more risks that Americans simply aren’t taking today.  Branded as “the freedom dividend”, and devoid of welfare requirements makes it a social program that people don’t have to pretend to be weak ass victims to take advantage of.  It’s better to nitpick Yang on coming off weak on foreign policy- nowhere near the maverick Trump is.  His keystone policy is actually brilliantly elaborated.
This is uninformed of you to say.  He’s been very clear on how he will make UBI work.  No printing required.  In fact he’s the only candidate who comes with real world math and diagrams for clarity.  UBI and capitalism aren’t somehow mutually exclusive.  The game monopoly was designed to be a microcosm of capitalism and literally features a UBI by passing GO.  Putting 1k in the hands of every citizen can actually do is a lot of good and keep them in the economic game.  1k in the hands of hard working people will afford them the capacity to work on their ideas, it would encourage people to move for work and take more risks that Americans simply aren’t taking today.  Branded as “the freedom dividend”, and devoid of welfare requirements makes it a social program that people don’t have to pretend to be weak ass victims to take advantage of.  It’s better to nitpick Yang on coming off weak on foreign policy- nowhere near the maverick Trump is.  His keystone policy is actually brilliantly elaborated.
This is uninformed of you to say.  He’s been very clear on how he will make UBI work.  No printing required.  In fact he’s the only candidate who comes with real world math and diagrams for clarity.  UBI and capitalism aren’t somehow mutually exclusive.  The game monopoly was designed to be a microcosm of capitalism and literally features a UBI by passing GO.  Putting 1k in the hands of every citizen can actually do is a lot of good and keep them in the economic game.  1k in the hands of hard working people will afford them the capacity to work on their ideas, it would encourage people to move for work and take more risks that Americans simply aren’t taking today.  Branded as “the freedom dividend”, and devoid of welfare requirements makes it a social program that people don’t have to pretend to be weak ass victims to take advantage of.  It’s better to nitpick Yang on coming off weak on foreign policy- nowhere near the maverick Trump is.  His keystone policy is actually brilliantly elaborated.
they are massively different. the algorithm for facial detection designed by a human (several humans?) is a go to example of how to achieve complex things as efficiently as possible but that's because it involves some amazingly clever design and thought and took a very very very long time to make. an AI can be trained to do that in a couple of hours from scratch. These things are already removing programing jobs at the highest level and the lowest levels (turning design file into html/css). Machines programmed by people can not adapt to varied situations like ai can. There is a reason those boston dynamics robots have gotten so good in the last few years and its AI. 

&#x200B;

 [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uEJ71VlUmMQ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uEJ71VlUmMQ)
And Yang is the only dem that came out against the $15 wage, which also means he will probably never be nominated.
The clown bike needs a sidecar
Make it a Hunchback mech.
Yeah, he's moving it around from people who are good with money and who invest it back into the economy (corporations, successful businessmen) to people who are objectively bad with money (people who refuse to live within their means.) Economic growth requires investment - giving people extra money for food or rent doesn't accomplish this and that's what the vast majority of people will do with it. It's literally called universal basic income because it's meant to cover your basic needs. Capital investments are not basic needs. You know damn well that extra 1k wouldn't go towards a loan. Most people will use it for frivolities whereas a corporation would use the money to create jobs and capital, which in turn helps all of America.
You're taking "printing" too literally. I was using it as a metaphor for him artificially giving people money who didn't earn it, nor know how to use it to increase economic growth while taking it from corporations that do. Oh, he uses graphs and diagrams?! They must be accurate then! That reminds me of the time Al Gore used "science" to promote global warming and predicted the earth would end like 8 years ago if we didn't buy into his policies. Lol at using monopoly as an argument for real world politics. Next you're going to tell me the police should be able to send you directly to jail because you stepped on the wrong sidewalk square. UBI doesn't encourage more people to work. Finland already tried this and it failed horribly, and Finland is one of the safest, most vanilla countries on the planet. If it failed there, imagine what would happen if we did that here in America where minority culture idolizes drugs, gangster culture, and spending money on frivolous, pointless shit. You know what actually does incentivize people to take risks and make investments? Having low taxes and less regulation - two things left wingers hate (because it actually works).
I don't think AI being able to recognize faces is taking jobs away from anyone, considering that's not really a job. What do you mean machines programmed by people can't adapt to varied situations like AI? How do you think they learn to adapt to situations? It's because they're programmed by humans to behave this way. They aren't building themselves and downloading their own code.
A corporation would use it to hire engineers to increase automation so they could lower their labor costs.  I don't understand why it is so difficult to see that.  Companies only hire people if they have a project idea/expansion of some kind that they want to invest in, or have an immediate need that they already know will bring them more cash than the cost of the employee.  Big corporations are interested in bottom lines, and pleasing shareholders, not hiring people and creating jobs just because they have cash.
the point with the face recognition is that what is often held up as some of the most impressive/smart/clever programming ever can be easily beaten by a machine now. Some day robots will be just as if not more capable than we are. With far few limitations. 

So to clarify we can not program machines to be adaptable. This is why even on highly automated assembly lines human workers are still employed (see teslas struggle getting the model 3 production up to speed). non AI Machines can do very specific things very fast and very accurate. A robot arm can spot weld a panel to a car body like nobody's business. But if that frame were to be turned even 1 degree most of those welds would miss its targets because they arent were they should be. We use AI to "teach" machines things. So in that instance we will soon be able to add cameras to those arms so they can "see" the car they are working on and adjust their aim like a human would. We still program them "what" to do but not "how" to do it. With AI we show them how and they learn and then we set them on a task. 

And yes some day they probably will build themselves. Machine learning algorithms are already so complex we don't know how they work. Given more and more processing power there is no reason to think a machine wont be able to design a better machine than we can some day. The exact time line for that kinda stuff is hard to pin down. Some people think 10 years some think more than 100 and a few think its impossible for machines to surpass completely but odds are pretty good they will be able to do damn near anything we need or even want done very soon.

they already
drive cars
take orders for food
write news articles
produce music
invest in the stock market
personal assistant (ive used my phones ai to make restaurant reservations)

I honestly have a harder time thinking of jobs they might not be able to do. Very few of us are safe.
The whole point of machine learning and what's been happening recently in the field of AI research is that they are not programmed by humans to behave certain ways. That's how "AI" used to be achieved. Programmers would give rules and if;then statements. But it's impossible to brute force and hand code rules to achieve what has happened in the last decade.  


For example, Google's AlphaGo which beat the best human player in the world in 2016. The only reason that happened (which happened roughly 10 years earlier than even the most optimistic researchers predicted) is because of advancements in computing, data gathering, and the algorithms used in these neural nets. There are more possible moves for Go than there are atoms in the observable universe. You can't brute force that. But an advanced neural network that has been trained on hundreds of thousands of hours of data did it.
It's not difficult to see that they'd hire engineers who will increase efficiency. That's the goal of every business - to get from point A to B in the cheapest, most economically viable way. You're just purposely leaving out everything else they'd use their money on. By saying big corporations care about their bottom line and pleasing shareholders, you're literally proving my point. Corporations use capital to acquire more assets. More assets in a well-run business = more capital/profit, which = more employees, which = economic growth and an increase in stock prices.
> which = more employees,

Sadly this part will no longer be true any more.... Unless you're expecting 3 million truck drivers to suddenly become master software engineers overnight.
It's absolutely true that automation will remove the need for truck drivers. But production requires humans to initially move the pieces. Even if machines are autonomously building other machines, a person is required to build that initial machine and fix it. Is it a net gain in terms of employment if we remove all truck drivers? I highly doubt it, and that's unfortunate. But the good news is complete automation is years away. Anyone deciding to become a truck driver now is stupid, and drivers who have been doing it for years have a few years to figure out a new profession. This isn't unique to the 21st century; new innovations come and go. When was the last time you heard someone complain about all of the Blockbuster employees who became jobless after Netflix? Never. And if anyone was thinking about buying them up today you'd rightfully call them crazy. That's essentially what becoming a trucker is today.
It's not a net gain, its a MASSIVE net loss. You need thousands of engineers/workers at most to replace MILLIONS of truckers. There will be a bump in job opportunities in the coasts (where these tech companies reside), but a complete decimation of middle American jobs.

Comparing blockbuster to netflix isn't fair in terms of scale. You should be comparing with the past industrial revolutions where many workers got displaced resulting in riots and deaths. Also being a truck driver is the most common job in 29 states, which being a blockbuster employee was not. 

Don't forget secondary economies that support trucking: diners, motels, truck stops, etc. They're all be ruined when the routes they used to support are now replaced by robots whdrivers who have been doing it for years have a few years to figure out a new profession.o don't need them.

The fact of the matter is, there will be far FEWER jobs after automation, you can't escape that. What are we gonna do for those who are without any options? There will be millions of them.

So far we've only discussed trucking, but don't forget retail, fast food (already happening), repetitive cognitive jobs like bookkeeping, accounting, call center jobs etc. Those are all at risk of being automated away, perhaps not completely, but definitely a majority (>90%) of workers will be affected.

Edit:
> drivers who have been doing it for years have a few years to figure out a new profession.

Problem is, there are NO new jobs replacing the millions that just got replaced by robots.
I agree, it will be difficult for many of those drivers to move on, but destroying the economy through artificial inflation isn't fair to the other 320 million people either. Every technological innovation has resulted in outdated jobs being lost, so what are we supposed to do? Not innovate? Once again, I have to reiterate that we have the lowest unemployment in 50 years. When robots were replacing humans in assembly lines I'm sure they had the exact same arguments you're using. Yet, here we are with our unemployment rate. At the end of the day it's unskilled work, and it's not like truckers invested tens/hundreds of thousands of dollars in a degree that will cease to exist. Younger generations are aware of its impending doom, so there's no excuse to become a trucker at this point.


The secondary economy effects is a silly argument. Everything has a secondary effect. If we accept your premise that everything becomes automated, then a secondary effect of that would be all of the revenue generated from creating mechanical parts for robots. Bulk suppliers are going to be bringing in a lot more revenue than a diner and motel in the middle of Wyoming with a population of 1,000. 

>So far we've only discussed trucking, but don't forget retail, fast food (already happening), repetitive cognitive jobs like bookkeeping, accounting, call center jobs etc. Those are all at risk of being automated away, perhaps not completely, but definitely a majority (>90%) of workers will be affected.

And because these jobs are likely to be automated, the new generation is less likely to go into them, and the ones who do will see their wages increase because supply will be shortened and more specialized. It's capitalism working as it should. 

>Problem is, there are NO new jobs replacing the millions that just got replaced by robots.

That's like saying retail stores no longer exist once Amazon became popular. Amazon has probably caused millions to lose their retail jobs. Yet these employees survived and adapted considering our unemployment numbers.
> Yet these employees survived and adapted considering our unemployment numbers.

Half of the 4 million lost manufacturing workers left the work force for good. This means the number is not reflected in the unemployment rate which completely ignores workers who are no longer actively searching. Workforce participation rate is at a 2 decade low (63%). Of those who left the workforce for good, half filed for disability. This is the fate of the 3.5 million truck drivers in the next 5-10 years. And millions more of the other automat-able jobs.

Nobody said we shouldn't innovate, but the winner takes all economy is causing massive damage to vast majority of our populations. Life expectancy has been declining in a so-called developed nation.

Imagine our endgame, robots do EVERYTHING. Are we still expected to work jobs? What do we do when every demand is met by robots? [Do we break windows, only for others to fix them?](https://www.investopedia.com/ask/answers/08/broken-window-fallacy.asp) That's when the economy is 100% automated. Obviously, we're not close to that, but the fact is, with innovation, jobs will be lost, that's the point of it: To stop us from needing to do shitty jobs.
Okay, but employment numbers will always account for this. Every time they calculate the number there are people who are no longer actively searching. It's not like it just became a recent phenomenon.

I'd much rather pay disability to 1.75 million truckers than give every American over 18 1k a month. The math is right in front of you. Life expectancy had only decreased by roughly a year and a half and it's because of an increase in prescription drugs, which are more accessible than ever. 

We'll just have to agree to disagree about automation at this point. Automation has been taking over a ton of industries for decades and society is fine. I don't see that changing as it increases because we'll just end up inventing new markets like we have since the industrial revolution.
Beta as fuck. I'm Hispanic and that made me cringe
Robert “Beta” O’Fake.
Robert Francis is a white male who learned it as a second language.  You probably got a better grade.
Well, he is also a white male who learned Spanish as a second language, so...
My 7th grade Spanish is pretty rusty but I'd perhaps hold my own against Beta at any decent Mexican restaurant.
What do you expect from some Irish dude?
Same here man, I was actually taken aback, and suddenly felt way more in tune with Hispanics than that actual supposedly hispanic dude

Btw, where'd you serve your mission?
OOF!  That's incredible.  I don't know enough Spanish to make an assessment.  Thank you for the info!
HAHA omg I wanted to watch it to see what all the fuss was about. As soon as he started speaking Spanish I had to turn it off. It was fucking cringe.
The fact that this is the narrative they went as an attack against us shows how fucking stupid these people are.

The man we support and ultimately elected, who this sub is dedicated to RAN on supporting police officers across the country (among other things) instead of demonizing them like Hussein and BLM.

These people are literally fucking retarded.
Exactly. Man these people are so fucking retarded. Fucking politics sub threatens republicans EVERY SINGLE DAY and they aren't quarantined. Fucking pissed. Nazi censorship at it's finest.
Thank you for another talking point when I'm talking face to face door to door canvassing. Great way to meet people and deliver those redpills door to door. I am hereby making the commitment to canvass the nearest swing county and canvass street by street door to door until I am personnally convinced I've swung that county for Donald Trump. Congratulations admins.
I am so confused, when were we ever not pro- Police and first responders? Did some neckbeard in a closet somewhere post something stupid in T_D and Reddit admin used it as a farce to quarantine us?
Did snopes fact check this pic yet?
I knew that creepy fucker would be lurking around, but I really thought he would get sniffy with Elizabeth Warren first!
The proverbial Sniff of Death?
https://imgur.com/L3zdYSz
—Creepy, don’t eat that!!  It’s...not an avocado. 🤢
Smells like dirt and  Xanax.
Good Bye everybody
It's not over, fam.
Stop this defeatism
*Taps on a Bugle in the distance*

*sips bourbon*
I love Skyrim. I hate censorship.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bn40gUUd5m0
Someone gold this shit and pin it. Fucking insane
I’ve got to goooo. Gotta leave it all behind and face the Reeees.
I was just about to ask where that "detected" icon came from!  (My guess would have been Assassin's Creed.)
No, don’t give Reddit money.
Mama,  ooo-oooh.

Didn’t mean to make you cry.
#[Too bad the Dems in Congress won’t do anything at all about Border Security. They want Open Borders, which means crime. But we are getting it done, including building the Wall! More people than ever before are coming because the USA Economy is so good, the best in history.](https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/1143836568513392641?s=19)

_____________

#[I will be interviewed by @MariaBartiromo today at 8:15 A.M. on @FoxBusiness. Enjoy!](https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/1143837659783225346?s=19)

____________

#[Democrats want Open Borders, which equals violent crime, drugs and human trafficking. They also want very high taxes, like 90%. Republicans want what’s good for America - the exact opposite!](https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/1143839815600918528?s=19)

____________

Morning tweets from GEOTUS
You mean having mentally ill people come on your show saying "rape is sexy" isnt a ratings booster?
Friendly reminder that **CNN SUCKS!**
Posted this before... but here’s why those networks have not credibility:

If you liked your doctor, you didn’t get to keep your doctor. 

George Zimmerman?  Turns out someone edited those 911 calls, and the guy was just defending himself. 

Mike Brown?  Turns out he was actually a thug and didn’t actually offer, “Hands up; don’t shoot.”

Bowe Bergdahl?  Deserter. 

Benghazi...not inspired by a viral video. 

Climate change has not produced another storm like Katrina. 

Venezuela wasn’t such a good idea. 

The Oberlin bakers turned out to be just pressing charges against some guys who stole from them. 

That kid in the red hat?  It turns out he wasn’t harassing the Indian activist.  

Judge Kavanaugh?  Apparently he did not actually belong to some sort 
of group that held rape parties. 

Jussie Smollett...it looks like he made the whole thing up. 

Elizabeth Warren?  Not an Indian. 

The polls were bullshit.  Donald Trump actually was able to become your president. 

And there was no Russian Collusion.
Maria Bartiromo is the babe who was laughing her ass off (in a dignified manner) at Trump's roast of Clinton at the Al Smith Dinner.
We need a **Dead as a door nail** flair
Rachel is getting angry. You wouldn't like her when she's angry.
Weird, this tweet shows up in my timeline on the official Twitter client, but doesn't show up on @realdonaldtrump page, in fact the last tweet there is from yesterday. Anybody else having this problem? iOS.
Jeffery Guterman is always there within seconds of Trump positing anything. 

Lol
Brian Stelter needs to be put out of media ASAP .
CNN sucks!

CNN sucks!

CNN sucks!

CNN sucks!
Based Maria
CNN, the preferred network of airport lounges.  I think they have to pay the airports!!!!
I've interacted with Bartiromo once or twice over the years.  Too bad it wasn't before she got married :)   
.   
fyi - never assume because a person is well known they are necessarily unaccessible.
DEAD AS A DOORNAIL- lol I love it!
Two words though. Donna. Brazil.
#CNN: I’M DED
😂
We have the greatest ratings, don't we folks?  


Sidebar: Fuck Fox News too.
While I do not doubt these ratings are in fact true, I have to wonder how it is possible that the liberal views seem so widespread and alarmingly effective(to their base).

Obviously Reddit is a hard left-leaning site, but I see their propaganda everywhere.
Is reddit censoring content from the donald? I was on the homepage and couldnt see how many upvotes it got. that is akward
Why isnt Google's attempts at stifling the MAGA 2020 wave being focused on? Fox covers it for very less airtime. Republican reps sit on their butts instead of pushing legislation to break BIG TECH up. Something feels really off, fellas.
Please do Google next!
DOOR NAIL DEMOCRATS
WTH The_Donald is now Quarantined????
Can anyone tell me why I have a message that this community is quarantined?  It took me 4 times to get in and the first 3 times I had a whole screen filled with Quarantine message and now I have a message at the top?
They should change the name of Maria’s show to The Devin Nunes Hour.
Don't be fooled Mr. President.    FOX has haters too.   More and more.
Wow Life, Liberty, and Levin is killing it. Great show, didn’t realize its popularity.
#Here he comes!
“You had people spying on my campaign” -GEOTUS
FABULOUS interview by Maria Bartiromo with POTUS  just concluded.
CNN took a heavy hit with the death of Anderson's mother. That was their last straight viewer.


Its strictly tiptoe through the tulips from now on.
#dead as a door nail smalls
CNBC used to be a good station for business and stocks.  Now just a parade of anti-Trump business people saying they want to pay more taxes and want more regulation.  Sorkin is a dangerous cheap-shot-artist and now they have been adding Kelly Evans who I remember hammering Rs whenever she could (she hides it now).  Watch Becky kiss Buffet ass - never a tough question.  Michelle Caruso Cabrera an ardent republican is no where to be found these days.   Joe Kernan who is sensible, smart and funny is vastly outnumbered.  They are unable to have a conservative on without a challenge and cheap shot.
I think President Trump knows these ships can't be turned around.  He's not warning them to change, he's just calling out the inevitable death.

All my life I've noticed a pattern in big business.  In short someone builds a new institution against the odds, being fought the entire way by whomever stands to lose (usually the last generation of institutions).  Once the enterprise is an "institution" the number of leeches that climb on is overwhelming.  Some of them are just bad hires for high positions, some are diversity hires with no real talent, perhaps some planted by the CIA for a different agenda that is unsustainable, I dunno.  The builders and great process people jump ship as they can't do anything about the crap leeches and more leeches climb on.

Trump might as well say Google is dying, because the pattern has started.  It will be many years I'm afraid.
Fuck fox too
The cuck faggots who watch CNN and MSNBC should have their voting rights removed.

Can't trust their judgement.
Let's not forget though that Fox News is no longer reliable.  they have been taken over from the inside, since they couldn't be beaten fairly in the ratings.
[TWO SCOOPS-TWO TERMS-TWO GENDERS ](https://imgur.com/jrn6Yzs)
The one show that managed any ratings on CNN at all is about the triumph of American ingenuity and getting our men home alive staring some based patriots.
I wish he would tweet about InfoWars ratings 😂
Bruh, he’s going off on Mornings with Maria.
Mrs. Bartiromo, "The Money Honey", is a classy lady.
I love Maria Bartiromo. Only Sunday show worth watching.
Praise Tucker
Hahahahahhahaha dead as a door nail
The problem with this is that cnn and nbc are way too far left, and Fox is way too far right. In my opinion the best news network would be one with people from both sides on the staff so it doesn’t get too biased
Dead as a door nail. That is the way it should be. LOL
Test
[removed]
I can't wait for him to give Maddow a name, can't wait to see what he has to say about shim.
Lmao, the only non-Fox programs in the top 15 are CNN's Apollo 11 and it's re-run.

&#x200B;

In other words, the "mainstream" news media doesn't have a slot in the top 15 most watched programs of this week.

We really need to stop calling them "mainstream". They're fucking dead. Most of their core audience has turned to late night comedy or going on Reddit for their news.
So, nothing new posted for 11 hours. Reddit lying to media that"quranteeing" means restrictive access but not new contest.
Pres. Trump needs to be aware that Fox News is now not wholly conservative.

He needs to watch out.

Also — get back on the immigration ~~reform~~  control measures he promised in 2016.
[removed]
Fox's 'The Five' is my favorite show on television!
Note: he doesn't like Hannity.   KEK
Feeling good might destroy liberals this morning idk lol
Sad thing is, it's probably the best ratings they got all year.
Just seen that a few days ago.  What in the fuck?  That was twisted.
Just shows how desperate they are to try and get dirt on Trump. They got a mentally ill 73 year old lady to make false accusations.
I heard she’s just reciting a law and order episode
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Well, I mean, who are we to tell rapist that their sexual desires and demands are lesser than any other persons?! REEEEEEEEE
She is a fucking looney toon
She didnt realise Cooper was gay and has a mommy complex.
"Cut the feed! Cut the feed!" -CNN
Friendly reminder Fox is unfortunately not much better
“Inevitably, there will be a gap between the way the world is and the way the journalist resents that world. Human nature intrudes. What is not inevitable is that the gap should widen. With the introduction of the internet and new recording technology, the gap between the real and the reported ought to be narrowing. As all parties agree, it is not. The new technologies have democratized news reporting but the major media, panicked by their loss of control, reject or simply ignore sources that challenge their desired narrative. Having chosen a narrative, they will pound away at it even if it seems to be leading nowhere, believed by a few, laughed at by many, as CNN has done with its Russia reporting. If need be, the media and their deep state allies will punish those who thwart their largely shared agenda.”


― James O’Keefe, *American Pravda*
# CNN SUCKS!
😱 Did CNN allow you to release that information
NO CREDIBILITY
It's like this with CBC in Canada.  Same bullshit.  Most reports are bullshit.  Anything true has a massive Liberal spin on it.  They only started critiquing Trudeau once they realized he was fucked and the Conservatives are likely to win in Oct (CBC is paid for by the taxpayer to the tune of $1B a year and operates as the media arm of the Liberal Party....)
And the irony? Donald Trump WAS/IS/WILL BE the President of the US of A. Twice in a row. After which we will crown him Emperor of Mankind just for shits and giggles.
I’d gild you but I’m not giving money to this garbage website.
The 2 LGBT students who carried out a Colorado school shooting?  Virtually no coverage.

The Santa Fe HS shooting, where unlike Parkland High, the survivors didn't place blame on the NRA and the 2nd amendment?  Virtually no coverage.
Also, the Internet is still alive after net neutrality is gone.
[Oh yeah. That's the one](http://i.imgur.com/jrn6Yzs.gif)
Thank you, good sir.  I came here to post that she was the 2nd best thing about the Red Dinner.
BOOOOOBS
[deleted]
She could get it.
Big facts!!!!!! I agree!
Dude is nuts, looks like a door nail with cropped hair too.
Egads!  He might just have revenge sex with an apple pie
Correct, don't like the weirdo period.
How do these people do this every time? Does twitter give them a special status?

Or is it just dedicated accounts that are on alert 24/7 that get boosted by bots?
Such a sad life that guy has. Mean-spirited, petty.
I can see him starting a fried bat restaurant like Champ in Anchorman 2.
I can think of two reasons why she’s great.
> The Atlanta City Council approved a new contract for CNN Airport Network to continue airing at Hartsfield-Jackson. The contract is worth at least $225,000 annually to the airport.

They definitely pay to be in the airports.
Modern liberalism, by it's very nature, is extremely loud. It's filled with people climbing over one another trying to be politically correct. The more politically correct you are, the more outspoken you are, the more popular it makes you. It's like the popular kids table in elementary school, it doesn't matter how ridiculous what they are doing is, they will do or say whatever it takes to come out as the "better" person. They make up a minority of the population but are so loud they think they are everyone. 

This is why they were so blindsided by the election. They were so high on their own farts they didn't even realize that there was a large section of the population, much larger than themselves, that doesn't throw hissy fits or compete for popularity.

 The silent majority isn't in the media, they aren't in Hollywood, and they don't have blue check marks next to their names. 
They aren't marching down streets half naked with dildos glued to their forehead. They aren't actors in movies, tv hosts, or celebrities. They are normal people like you and me.
While I appreciate Trump attacking the left wing media.CNN and MSNBC combined get the same ratings as Fox prime time.

Both those channels spew the same leftist propaganda and appeal to the same group of people.

CNN having poor ratings doesn't mean a thing.
Reddit is planning on shutting us down. 

#Press F
I watch Fox Business every day.
I can only watch it at night.
Your comment was automatically removed because you directly linked to an outside subreddit or other user. This rule was put in place by Reddit admins because they don't want our users "interfering" in other communities.  Moderators will review for approval

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/The_Donald) if you have any questions or concerns.*
He should not go there! Stick to the business of the Presidency and stop with these irritating black flies swarming around.
Woe youre delusional. Cnn doesnt peddle fear?
What about trump being hitler and a russian agent?
Kids in cages?
The world ending in 10 years?
Riiiiiiiight.
They're probably just getting lots of web clicks by people like us who actually want to see that clown show, cut-to-commercial clusterfuck for themselves.  What an absolute embarrassment and you'd think there'd be a few intelligent people left at CNN who could've vetted this woman before putting her on the air.  But they're willing to go down any road if it even has the slightest chance of hurting Trump.
What happened?
They also got a mentally ill 50 something lady for Kavanaugh, though her ridiculousness was  rather tame in comparison.

&#x200B;

Christine Ford: "It happened he tried to rape me and I don't need evidence because it's indelible in muh hippocampus!"

Jean Carroll: "Hold my beer."
To be fair (although no reason to be), Law & Order, like the Simpsons, has been on so long that they’ve done everything.
And by mommy you mean gloria Vanderbilt?
"Get her outta here"
Agreed, I wish there was some news source that just listed what was happening. I don’t want to hear somebody’s opinion on everything I read.
Watch Fox Business except for Neil Cavuto. Watch Fox News at night.
Their narrative: orange man and white people bad.
Beautiful.
[removed]
# Trump: Hey CNN........ G'BYE!!
I’m in.
It's not a thing in this Dom anyway.
Joey Ramone wrote a song about her. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sf4_-ciaJtk
How absolutely dare you sir
Why not both?
> Or is it just dedicated accounts that are on alert 24/7 that get boosted by bots?

It has to be this.
They needed a new anti Trumper after the Krassensteins disappeared up each others' Krassholes and popped out of existence.
Trump tweets early, between 6am-7am eastern time. 

So I’m guessing this loser sets his alarm for like 5:50am and just lays in bed waiting for trump to tweet. Probably has a few comments already saved on his phone, ready to copy and paste.
Yes, and as noted in the quote it’s the CNN *Airport Network*, not regular CNN. Among other differences, they will not air any negative stories relating to air travel.
> They make up a minority of the population

-

> large section of the population, much larger than themselves

Didn't Trump lose the popular vote?
I don’t think there is any intelligent way to attack Trump. He’s unfuckwithable
This happened

https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=3AL3Y2NYBhw
In the same exact store?
>And by mommy you mean gloria Vanderbilt?

By mommy he means Jeff Zucker.
His mother died right before this interview.
AP and Reuters, to a degree
OANN daytime. They have a couple of news-opinion shows at night, but it's mostly like CNN used to be before the talking heads format, but conservative.
Thank you, thank you very much!😁👟👟
Your comment was automatically removed because you directly linked to an outside subreddit or other user. This rule was put in place by Reddit admins because they don't want our users "interfering" in other communities.  Moderators will review for approval

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/The_Donald) if you have any questions or concerns.*
>Krassholes

😂
Cuckensteins are probably already running some of those other fake blue checked hater accounts that recently popped up. Some of those dedicated Trump haters with the blue check dont even appear to be real people if you do some digging..
Yes, the quips/ talking points are organized by topic. It's not one dude, it's a group leader that has access to x account or he is acting as group leader during those hours. He or group leader logs in as mr tweet and makes the final decision on which tweet to send as the reply. the first substantive opposing reply will get all the likes from the other side, so they have zingers and redirects ready to drop. That's all organic too. You only need the group members to seed the first few hundred and it will start building on its own once it gets to the top. 

The question is... what do you do about it besides wait for them to fall out of favor with their own side and get Twitter to krassenstein them?
Not OP, but I believe that what they were getting at is: a large portion of people don't believe the narrative anymore, a larger portion don't but aren't outspoken, and a larger portion still would probably stop believing it except that they are so overexposed to it that they almost believe it intrinsically. It isn't that Trump won the election by crazy numbers, because that isn't factually true, but that enough people are being vocal enough to fight back and win, while the reserves that didn't are starting to see the truth.
They could attack him on policy, there are plenty of people who disagree with Trump on policy.

But they're insane, so they just stick to the muh racist, muh collusion, and muh sexual assault hoaxes.
Out of curiosity, I checked out the full interview they posted, and everyone is *railing* them hard. Love it.
Seriously, did POTUS' team hire her to troll the Democrats? She looks like she's just fucking with Cooper the whole time.  "Nah, didn't feel like a victim, thought it was kinda sexy tbh" 😂😂😂
Y I K E S. You know those scenes in movies that are super cringe and kinda hard to watch, but you know they're fake so you can still watch? That clip was like that, except it was real. That ended in a remarkably awkward fashion and I'm still cringing.
In the exact same (lingerie dept) dressing room?
Sons of Krass!
You are severely underestimating the power of propaganda that the swing voter is exposed to. With the large scale censorship going on it will be extremely hard for Trump to reach those swing voters in 2020.
I said “intelligent way” — I’m not sure which counter arguments to any of his policies are really actually intelligent? Care to enlighten me?
Same here! I went looking for the video and the first couple I found were scrubbed to cut this cringe-tastic part out. I didn't have to watch the whole segment because people in the comments were calling it out left and right. The people are waking up!
The interview was cringeworthy as heck.
It was like every scene in Arrested Development featuring Lucille 2
You're fun to talk to.
This is why he does so many interviews. Free publicity.
" I recognize that drunk slurred speech, that's clearly Nancy Pelosi without her wig on. "

KEK!
U got sauce? I can't find it. Wanna check out the comments
[DEAR REDDIT ADMINS: IF THE_DONALD IS A PUBLISHER THEN REDDIT.COM IS AS WELL -- REMOVE THE QUARANTINE IMMEDIATELY \(long post inside\)](https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/c5unr8/dear_reddit_admins_if_the_donald_is_a_publisher/)
Here's one good example:

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RumPGMUSw2A](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RumPGMUSw2A)
You had me in the first half, not gonna lie.
Man you got me good
Yes.  They answered the softball questions nicely -- As if they all had advance notice of the softball questions.

It's a pretend primary.  The DNC will nominate its chosen pick and everyone will pretend it's not actually rigged.  Just like in 2016.
Yeah the lefty narrative is usually either: 

"we're just now seeing the fruits of Obama's labour, Trump had nothing to do with the booming economy"

or 

"This country was never that great and the economy hasn't improved at all despite the low unemployment rate and other evidence to the contrary"
How many companies, whose sole purpose is to make money, get woke and go broke? Dems DO NOT care if they tank the economy.  They want an entire country to go broke if it means they get woke.
I was like, "GTFO of here with that lib BS!"...then....HA! :)
You almost had my downvote there for a second, but with the second half of your satement I had to upvote
I wish we could have democratic debates every night. Can't wait for them to try and "out crazy" the day one debaters on day 2.  Watch what is said to be most popular topic from day 1, and then see them go off the deep end on it on day 2.
They certainly take the cake.
As soon as I read that title I jumped in here like "why I oughta" 😂
I just like to look at that Tulsi gal. That's a good looking woman.
Shitposting like a pro.
Si Senior
[removed]
There's been so many invader shit posts tonight he got me too.
i only watched it to see if they could pull anything out of their ass in literally almost an ideal scenario. No major wars, superb economy, forging peace with historical enemies. They literally are trying to do something stupid so they can create a problem to blame trump on. trump aint merkel hes not a fucking retard
Exactly.  Biden has it locked up.  The entire thing is just kabuki theater.
republicans earn money, and democrats spend it.   


basically the equivalent of a husband who works his ass off making money, and the dumb housewife who showers everyone with presents using his credit card so people will like her.
yeah except 60% of DEMOCRATS agree that the economy is good. PEOPLE WHO FUCKING HATE TRUMP can't even deny the economy is good
Unemployment:down

Wages: up

Winning: Max’d

Brakes:  none
True, but if it's up, Trump will make political hay, if it's down Dems will say it's terrible and blame him
I watched it through the lens of watching Hard Bastard comment on the debates semi-live (he'd pause to talk). That dude is funny and usually really quick to call out people's bs.
Except not all women are like that. Some are though.
Libs: rekt
I mean, that goes without saying.
You have time to solidify your new opinion, my man. We still have a year of WINNING to get through before the elections! Thank you for being open minded enough to see the BS.
Your opening words are "not a Trump supporter" yet...

You are welcome here as long as you don't troll or harass.

Welcome to actual polite discourse. Stay a while and listen.
Welcome. That’s what makes T_D so great. It’s literally the most diverse, inclusive and friendly place on shitty Reddit. 

You have people of all different ethnicities, backgrounds and political preferences here because they love this country and want to make it a better place.
Welcome!
Likewise mate! I didn’t vote for him in 2016, but wirh everything that’s been foing on and the horrible choices for dem candidates, they’re making the choice pretty easy for me.
All are welcome here!!!  

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

except communists...
Enjoy your new favorite sub!
Glad to have you!  Grab a chair, a drink, and enjoy!  We can actually disagree with you and still talk like normal, well-adjusted adults.  Why?  Because we respect your right to disagree.
Thanks for taking the time to visit.
lol i honestly think theres a conspiracy to push people right. Like they have some formula down that could push the general populace certain direction and they are trying to push people right this time around
My vote for Trump was an anti media bias vote.

Now, I’m on board because he’s done what he said he’d do.
Why are you still spending the majority of your time on these platforms though? there are plenty of other places that could do with your comments/support/clicks
We are glad you are here!
Yeah!  Fuck commies!
Forces are certainly at work. Spiritual forces even..
These selfies are GOLDEN.
eeeediot
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂🔥🔥🔥
Wow
My favorite one so far
I remember that episode...

>Chuck Schumer: I know how you can be important. I know how you can be really important.  
>  
>AOC: Really? How?  
>  
>Chuck Schumer: You can be the president... of my fan club!  
>  
>AOC: President? Wow! President.  
>  
>\[AOC imagines she's the President of the United States\]  
>  
>AOC: \[Screaming on the phone\] What do you mean you don't agree with me? Do you know who you're dealing with?  
>  
>\[Pushes "The Button"; A loud explosion blows up a chunk of the world; AOC laughs maniacally\]  
>  
>AOC: \[Back to reality\] I'll do it!
Meme incubation must accelerate
That is hilarious! Well done!
This is what the corporate conglomerate sellouts are so furious about. They don't control the hearts and minds with their status quo programming anymore. So that's what Google means by preventing another Trump situation. They want complete control over the minds of Americans.  They're literally 10 years behind our movement and it scares the ever living hell out of them.  This is their rebuttal. Ban us all from every social platform until they're regulated. Which IS going to happen soon enough. Truth movement types dominate the user generated content sector and they're furious. The metrics don't lie.
That’s the only way they’ve ever won elections.
TL:DR: "[RRRRRRRRR](https://media.giphy.com/media/26FPy3QZQqGtDcrja/giphy.gif)oll yourrrrrrrr rrrrrrrrrr's"
Every action of the Democrats since 2016 has been to prepare for hacking the 2020 election while using legal loopholes to have millions of fraudulent votes be verified by their operatives in every state.  It will take even a greater miracle than 2016 when Hillary's completely rigged election was overturned by the help of God.
Link?
As usual excuse, Russian bots....
[removed]
to quote one of the best metal bands ever.... [they've got another thing comin'](https://youtu.be/_4javSsseS8).
\^ Fact.
Just imagine where we'd be if cheating wasn't an issue. Makes you wonder if voting should have been left to the head of household.
as in "rrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrreeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee"???
You're late to the party. Its over with now. 

But [here.](https://youtu.be/vJ6MrDO0kgY)

15k up to 24k down. lol.
Lolol a poll, nah man the polls will say tomorrow 75% of Americans are going to vote Democrat after some killer debates.
Found the cuck.
*insert guitar riff*
Nah bruh. I just wanted the link so I could downvote it!
Sorry. Can you translate this to Spanish? I don't understand English.
[removed]
The [100 percent official home of rebellion](https://youtu.be/BwHLNmSrPq0), baby!
Throw a downvote in there for me. I can't get a gulag account for youtube.
lick my ballsack, cuck.
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
Motherfucker, if I wanted any more lip from you I'd scrape it off my zipper. Now fuck on off back to redacted.

Look at your fucking timeline:

"Just thought mexico was gonna pay. Cant remenber where i heard it but it seemed like a solid promise"

Take your bullshit somewhere else pole smoker.

cuck.

Faggot.

Trigglytarded ass spelunker.
Fucker can't even spell "remember".

&#x200B;

I've drunk half a liter of bourbon an I can fucking spell that shit, fucking stupid cuck.
This where we all make the move to another platform
So let me get this straight? Admins have no way of proving WHO is submitting calls to violence, which is illegal btw... so they blame the subreddit instead of the users?

I hope you all realize the potential for abuse here. **YOU CAN JUST GO INTO WHATEVER SUBREDDIT YOU DISLIKE, MAKE CALLS TO VIOLENCE, AND GET THAT SUBREDDIT QUARANTINED.** Did Reddit Admins verify that these were all T\_D users? NO... because there's no way to prove it. That's why anybody who hates a sub should just do what the bolded text suggets... because that's what Reddit (as a company) apparently wants you to do.

Fuck this website. Fuck Google. Fuck Facebook. Fuck YouTube. Fuck Congress. Might as well fuck the first amendment too if nobody is going to protect the American people from these tech oligarchs.
They did it, only took us trolling aoc to do so
 What are our alternatives if they do zap our beloved sub? We have to congregate somewhere. We cant just die off. Whats the plan?
Calm the fuck down.

You're going to actually have to take a stand IN REAL LIFE instead of on the internet.

Instead of hiding in anonymity, you're going to have to speak your mind in ACTUAL PUBLIC.
FREE T_D!
meme discord up, pm me for invite
Free speech in America is NOT DEAD

Free speech in a Chinese website never existed in the first place
It's only dead if you let it be dead.  Fight back.  Vote.  Get your family, friends, loved ones, co-workers to vote.

Give trump the congress he needs.  VOTE.
Reddit isn't really terribly important.  Let's not get carried away.
The lying Reddit Nazis are out in full force today, to protect their Democrat MASTER RACE.
>Free Speech in America is dead

Hardly.

It will be if you don't take action when they do things like this though.
Yes free speech is dead because of Reddit. Such a girl.
Reddit isn't America. There are more than Americans here. Reddit isn't a government entity so the constitution doesnt apply since political affiliation isn't a protected class and if it were inciting violence, the charge levied, is not protected speech. If your going to complain at least direct it properly. A private entity is currently suppressing  illegal activity un uniformly allowing other subs to remain un squelched while suppressing T_D.
I think you mean an actual "platform" and not a publisher.
>YOU CAN JUST GO INTO WHATEVER SUBREDDIT YOU DISLIKE, MAKE CALLS TO VIOLENCE, AND GET THAT SUBREDDIT QUARANTINED

Except that won't happen. They know that the claim is BS but it is the excuse for them to close The\_Donald. What this means is that Reddit can just come up with an excuse to close a subreddit.
The company that operates Reddit has no requirement to provide you with a platform though.  They aren't the government.
Why are you still here buddy?
This was all coordinated at the behest of Google for Project Veritas exposing them.

MediaMatters put out a hit piece two days ago, 06/24/19, so Reddit could take action because no doubt Google is forcing this.
Discord would be fantastic
Yes. Been waiting for this. Who will reddit fight when we are all gone? 
Has anyone made www.the_donald.com yet?
It doesn't matter if Reddit doesn't ban the subreddits. The legwork just needs to be done to prove that the system is rigged to convince the rubes.
And I have every right to criticize them.
This is just shitty
There is already a T\_D discord.
I wish I could, I most definitely would've. But I've gotten my skill trade in public safety radio.
Yup, just joined today! Waiting to be cleared from the extreme_vetting room
I cant find it on discord, what's the full name?
Took me a day or so.  I am sure they scour your post history to make sure you are a true 'pede.  have patience.
Thanks for this bit of info. Waiting too!
Great hat !!!
That's a cool hat, looking like a fine wine.
I really want that hat. I make sure I wave when I see a cop. With this hat, they will know I support them just by looking at me!!
Thanks. I didn't want to get in any trouble at work wearing a trump hat to customers houses so I figured the next best thing was this. It might be time for a upgrade soon the hats turning brown from sweat lol.
Go ahead and suspend me for linking a house.gov link

https://gohmert.house.gov/news/documentsingle.aspx?DocumentID=399712

https://gohmert.house.gov/news/documentsingle.aspx?DocumentID=399712

https://gohmert.house.gov/news/documentsingle.aspx?DocumentID=399712

https://gohmert.house.gov/news/documentsingle.aspx?DocumentID=399712
NO freakin way!?!???! This is BULLSHIT. Come on Reddit. Explain why you would do this to your customers.
This is worse than China. In China they don't deny the censorship right to your face.

They don't gaslight you. They don't fucking sit there with a straight face and tell you you're crazy.
This is going to have to spread person to person. 

Share with people you’re close with in private messages. This will be how we will need to operate moving forward.
This video? https://www.projectveritas.com/2019/06/24/insider-blows-whistle-exec-reveals-google-plan-to-prevent-trump-situation-in-2020-on-hidden-cam/
wow, I wonder why Veritas is such a threat to everyone?  They let Fitton do an AMA, and now this?

what happened?
I smell the fear.

They know they are going to lose 2020 and the curtain has been pulled back on thier agenda to prevent Trumps re election.  

Otherwise there would be no need for banning.
Dan Bongino's last two vids are still up. I wonder if they're going to mess with him?
can confirm.  happened to me.  they are banning a lot of people or "suspending" them on this site now for more and more stuff.

they can even show you when you sometimes "violate the rules" as they say lol.  total losers
Oh wow the community here is quarantined
Reddit is censorships COCK HOLSTER!
They are terrified.
Hi reddit! [https://www.projectveritas.com/2019/06/25/breaking-new-google-document-leaked-describing-shapiro-prager-as-nazis-using-the-dogwhistles/](https://www.projectveritas.com/2019/06/25/breaking-new-google-document-leaked-describing-shapiro-prager-as-nazis-using-the-dogwhistles/)
But if Veritas' work is, as the Satan worshipers claim, all made up lies and edited trickery, then why work so hard to hide and destroy it??? They should have nothing to fear if none of it is true, right?
This one?

[https://vimeo.com/344068138](https://vimeo.com/344068138)
Revoke Section 230 protections now! Reddit, Facebook, Google, Twitter....all of them act as publishers, not platforms.
Reddit needs to be taken down
Veritas should just post their videos directly to Senators, and General Barr. I also think it would help greatly if he removed himself from the videos. that is a big weapon the left have, is an bad image they created of Okeefe.. 

The material is 1000% more important than him, we love what he does, he is a National Treasure, but he is a huge ham.. and only hurts the product. this is well beyond him alone..
China rules the roost now ...

https://www.newsbusters.org/blogs/techwatch/corinne-weaver/2019/02/07/chinese-censorship-company-invests-millions-reddit
I think we really kicked the hornet's nest with this one. Not sure I've seen them panic over a single video so much before.
This is a battle between those who love the truth and those who love power.

You're going to have to decide where you stand.
This is horrible!!!!!
Hannity should show it all day long
anybody who is against the release of these videos that show these people saying this stuff or doing this stuff is guilty themselves in my mind.  fuck these traitors.  in the old times, they would have been hanging in front of the white house already
They are winning.  They will use their influence to cover for the dems stealing the election in 2020.
No way!!!
Objectively speaking, the censoring will continue until it reaches it's logical conclusion where all opinions that differ from the collective are silenced.  Because muh Newton - an object will remain in motion unless acted on by a force - and that force is MIA.
The western world is getting more like the USSR with every passing day. 

Sad to see no one doing anything about it. Talking about the people with the power to defend the people that voted for them. 

You will go wake up one day and all your freedoms will be gone and we ALL will be living in a socialist western world. 

This will happen and it is going to happen.
You guys fail to see the bigger picture. There is no reddit, Facebook or Google.

There is only Darpa, a CIA program deaigned to collect info on your social life, and now it is used to limit the access to certain information
Ill make it easy for you Reddit, ban me.

https://www.projectveritas.com/video/president-trump-reacts-to-google-investigation-theyre-trying-to-rig-the-election/
https://www.projectveritas.com/2019/06/24/insider-blows-whistle-exec-reveals-google-plan-to-prevent-trump-situation-in-2020-on-hidden-cam/
This is insane...... I'm ready.
and then the quarantine. no fucking surprise.
They're pulling out all the stops. Hold on tight!
This is why they quarantined T_D
See ya on Gab and Minds folks. Cause this won't stop me.

Gab has a /The_Donald Group. One potential place to re-connect
This can't be true, as if they're in this deep? What are they covering up?
meme discord up, pm me for invite
Here it is again, for those in the back that didn't heard:

Go ahead and suspend me for linking a house.gov link

https://gohmert.house.gov/news/documentsingle.aspx?DocumentID=399712

https://gohmert.house.gov/news/documentsingle.aspx?DocumentID=399712

https://gohmert.house.gov/news/documentsingle.aspx?DocumentID=399712

https://gohmert.house.gov/news/documentsingle.aspx?DocumentID=399712
Heh... love it!
Customers are who pay a business.  We are not Reddit's customers, their advertisers are.
Reddit is *patently* Socialist, of course they want Google allowed to continue to censor speech and meddle in our elections.  

We only exist because they want to know what we are talking about and *who we are*.  Deep State/Globalists on the coasts reward them handsomely for that data.
> Explain why you would do this to your ~~customers~~ Products.

FTFY.
Because Reddit is liberal and doesn't want liberals exposed
Louie Gohmert posted the Veritas video on his site.
We are not the customers we are the product.
>customers

Product, ftfy. We aren't customers of Reddit. We're what they're selling out to corporations and the DNC.
Their reason is that the video contains private and/or confidential information.

Now they enforce their content policy. What about the times when [redacted] were sharing the Covington teen's personal information everywhere? How about the personal information of that particular black Trump supporter? Didn't see Reddit enforcing their bullshit content policy then. Big tech is colluding to attempt to destroy the right.
with all the hundreds of millions China has spent on buying up reddit how do you know China isn't behind that?

sleazier tactics may just be because they care for their own citizens more than they care for foreign nations
Umm, in China they kill you.
This is bad, but saying it's worse than Chinese censorship is a stretch. The Chinese government uses all sorts of subtle censorship. For example I saw a demo a while back where they would disable your internet connection for a minute or 2 if you search something "objectionable".
Fuck that, do it openly every place you can. 

Make this video VIRAL as viral can possibly get.
I think they mean [this one](https://vimeo.com/344068138).
Veritas lets them hang themselves in their own words for all the world to see.
Have you seen the video?  It is absolutely damning.
I can't wait to see the commies screaming at the sky again MUAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
I want them to fuck with the Rep who posted it on .gov site yesterday.
They will attack and silence everyone who is effective.
I think they know they can't really mess with Bongino too much, because he already has a bigger platform on Fox.
Do we get quarantined medals ? I will wear mine proudly. I can see the memes now, "I was there when....."
Yep!
Gone now.
Revoking Section 230 is the only way to stop this madness.
I think you are right.
Yup
THEY ARE NOT WINNING. THEY ARE LOSING, WHICH IS EXACTLY WHY THE ARE DOING THIS.
Get a grip.

Is Trump president or not?

We're winning. It says more about where you live your life than anything else when you say that we're not winning.

We take our grievances to the ballot box, where they matter.
Indeed is Darpa!
> https://gohmert.house.gov/news/documentsingle.aspx?DocumentID=399712
> 
> https://gohmert.house.gov/news/documentsingle.aspx?DocumentID=399712
> 
> https://gohmert.house.gov/news/documentsingle.aspx?DocumentID=399712
> 
> https://gohmert.house.gov/news/documentsingle.aspx?DocumentID=399712

https://gohmert.house.gov/news/documentsingle.aspx?DocumentID=399712

https://gohmert.house.gov/news/documentsingle.aspx?DocumentID=399712

https://gohmert.house.gov/news/documentsingle.aspx?DocumentID=399712

https://gohmert.house.gov/news/documentsingle.aspx?DocumentID=399712
I can't find the video. Even on the webpage below the original video it say "this video does not exist"
☝🏻 This. This. This.
This. 

On any free platform, we are not the customers - never have been. We are the product
Yep. We’re the product
The power to control what people can and can not say is very appealing to sociopaths.  It's no wonder sociopaths are drawn to influential positions at places like Reddit, Facebook, Twitter, and the news media.
> Reddit is patently Communist

FTFY
Thanks,  you are correct!
reddit is very literally fascist at this point
To destroy America.
It is no longer confidential any NDA does not include veritas, bitchute etc. Only whistleblower is affected. So it is BS.
I'm a simple man. I just look for who benefits.

I can't find any benefit to China, but I can find plenty of benefit for the cabal of US tech corporations all behaving as one hive-mind.
Much more honest.

Also give it time. Pretty sure they already kill you here, and then deny it, like they deny the censorship.
What if we all post it?  They can ban 700,000 users acting in civil defiance of their tyranny, but we can just create new accounts and post the link again.  And again.  And again, until they get the message.

You can't stop the signal, Reddit Admins.
No no no they mean this one https://gohmert.house.gov/news/documentsingle.aspx?DocumentID=399712
Well, this is what that page now states: 

# Sorry, we couldn’t find that page

**Reasons you might be seeing this page**

* It exists, but you don’t have permission to see it, or you need to log in.
* Nothing has ever existed here. Spooky.
* Something once lived here, but has been deleted.
Louie Gohmert taunted the shit out of them
We got quarantined faster than Ebola before the Dem debates
That and trust busting the monopoly.
Don’t get complacent. 

Fight. Fight. Fight.
>We take our grievances to the ballot box, where they matter.

Unfortunately the ballot box is also stuffed with illegal votes and Democrat ballots magically appear after the election.
Communist
> I can't find any benefit to China

disagree.  A liberal-run US would play ball much easier with China, as they have for decades.
Ain't that some shit. That was the video directly from the Project Veritas link in the comment above mine. I even watched it after I posted.
I can access.
Yep, you will now see a nasty nasty censorship war happen on the internet. This is just the tip of the iceberg, wait until this time next year, it'll be ratcheted up by a thousand fold.
They are cucks and weak.
It’s all the same shit
Keynesian economics. Economic realism versus economic liberalism. Multinational corporations and all foreign states alike do *not* appreciate American nationalism.
Commies murdered way more and aren't demonized
Good reason to use Fascist then. Since Commie doesn't seem to register at all.
But but,,,,,muh avocados and springrolls
*Was* 90% complete before China reneged.  When will we teach these robo-traders to read?
90%? Isn't that about when China likes to pull the plug?
POTUS knows how to time things. He'll close this deal and it will be a good one for the US sometime in 2020.
The remaining 10% is “stop stealing shit” and adding actual consequences for doing so...

Take it easy we still have a ways to go
That other 10% might be a bitch though 🤷
Kurt Eichenwald’s kids should sue for financial mismanagement.
Hopefully part of the deal is an extra vowel for his name
Correction: Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin: ‘We were about 90% of the way’ on China trade deal and there’s a ‘path to complete this’ cnb.cx/2NdHsy5
Justice against the traitors is 90% complete also.
Magic. Fucking. Wand.
There won't be a deal with China. It's been 90% complete for a year
yesterday some FED asshole wanted to tank the market by saying there will be no rate cut
I’ll never understand why money is more important than principle. 

We feed the dragon that will (and is currently) eating us. China now not only is a human rights curb stomping beast but they now are intimately tied to google, Hollywood, and a huge portion of us politicians. 

California is ultra pro China, anti human rights just so they can get that Hollywood and international shipping money through their ports. 

Would be such a better world if China was stuck in 1200 bc as rice paddy farmers where they couldn’t threaten the evolution of humanity with their regressive, authoritarian ideas that just feed rich power hungry globalists.
"Was"
While I believe this to be true, I would get a better source. ZeroHedge is like a semi-serious Onion.
This was actually a typo by the fake media. His actual comment is that they WERE 90% there. The market has reversed all gains incurred after the typo.￼
Bitcoin is going...through the roof! Hope you all bought some!  :D
Fuck China. I’ve got their trade deal right here.
Better have some teeth against piracy, counterfeiting, forced IP transfer, etc. Otherwise it's pointless.
Apparently they was a typo. He said “we WERE 90% complete.” Market rallied huge, thanks to the mindless algos, thanks to a typo! 😂
I'd prefer to not trade at all with china
Trump followed through on tariffs, they have had an effect.  Now, the threat of more tariffs is enough.  Scaling them back is going to require real cooperation from China.  

I don't think tariffs were a long term solution.  It was more of a "brake check".  Anyone without their seat belt on, or who didn't keep their hands and feet inside the ride at all times got checked and spilled their soda pop.

Sometimes you have to do that when you're conductor, to maintain order, so that everyone can be on the same page when you continue again.
bit but but but OrAnGe MaN BaD!!!1!1!2!??1!2!3!!!!!
Stocks are very slightly up today from yesterday, and very slightly down from Monday. They did not surge. Though they *are* near all-time highs.
Hmm, all I seemed to get from this article is that the Fed wants to do this their way only.

Sounds like it should be ended.
Democrats gonna HATE that!  BUT....Hate IS what they do BEST!
Imagine if he gets USMCA through Congress, de-nukes North Korea and establishes a new China trade deal and gets them to stop IP stealing and forced tech transfers all before 2020... lmao. Dems on suicide watch.
It is June 26 and we in the US are still waiting for this stock surge.

Any ideas on why the wet blanket so far today?
the last 10% is always the hardest
But...but.... Trump walked away... why would negotiations continue after a walk away?! It's like a special move or something.
I heard on redacted that trade deals that benefit the United States is blatantly racist.
as long as he's not conceding too much to them. China is still a massive world threat imo
This will be a huge win for our country to finally have a fair deal with China. China has always been a place were we send money too and it just disappears. Trump was elected because he is a businessman and not a politician. It really is a shame that he isn't getting the recognition he deserves. I mean he has done all this in less than four years and Obama got a Nobel prize for being a black president. WTF is wrong with people.
Half way there.
**Bend them over.**
Anyone else notice the article was written by Tyler Durden? 😂
The dragon will submit
This will be the 150th time then the munchkin has been wrong
Ever since election night 2016 I completely ignore reports of futures trading
and it will stay 90 % complete for 100 years with the master foot dragging Chinese.
The rest of it will be more difficult than the 90% was
He’s been saying that for a year
Over 30+ years, I have read LOTS of weekly status reports of software being "90% complete".
Required reading:  [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Value-added\_tax#Trade\_criticism](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Value-added_tax#Trade_criticism)

&#x200B;

Back in 1950's France was first with VAT, which subsidizes exports and taxes imports.

Since accounting for leveling trade was complicated, France asked GATT for exemption for VAT from calculations.

&#x200B;

Since then over 135 countries have added a VAT, which gives advantage vs. non-VAT countries.

With WTO still holding exemption for VAT, we are at extreme disadvantage.

We must make WTO include VAT in fairness calculations.

'

&#x200B;

"  AMTAC claims that so-called "border tax disadvantage" is the greatest contributing factor to the $5.8 trillion US [current account deficit](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Current_account_deficit)  for the decade of the 2000s, and estimated this disadvantage to US  producers and service providers to be $518 billion in 2008 alone. "
If we have no imports, hardest hit will be "covfefe", as it is grown only in tropical countries.

&#x200B;

As a non-coffee drinker, no worries for me.
fuck china. should be no deal with them until after the election
> **Global stocks surge.** 

Except for the [Antichrist of the Internet](https://www.businessinsider.com/internet-is-antichrist-tool-russia-orthodox-leader-says-2019-1), [Google](https://www.nasdaq.com/symbol/goog/interactive-chart?timeframe=5d).
Chicomms have a bad habit of shitting a deal in the last 5 minutes.
Chicomms have a bad habit of shitting a deal in the last 5 minutes.
Stocks aren't surging tho
They better stay tough with those commie motherfuckers.
Was*. China economic data so weak we could gains o much more leverage by doing more tariffs. Cheap labor is very elastic.
DOW -11 at end of trading.  Lolololololol!  SUCK IT!
“Peace is the natural effect of trade. Two nations who traffic with each other become reciprocally dependent; for if one has an interest in buying, the other has an interest in selling; and thus their union is founded on their mutual necessities.”


Montesquieu
*eggrolls
Fuck China, they are the great evil. Their censorship and electioneering is already in full swing since they bought influence in all of our tech companies. We should cease all relations with that murderous regime and force the sale of their ownership in Any US company, especially our tech companies.

Feel like our government is fighting to become more like China every day? There's a reason for that.
The deal got worse for them. Trump's best offer is always his first.
Only if a rich guy needs your organs
Exactly. Same with Mexico, Iran, North Korea. Not sure if he can achieve perfect timing on all those but I know that’s top of mind. He can always relax the trade demands just in time for 2020.
Better to make the deal in 2019 so there is time for the economy to boom before the election.
I’m surprised some pussies haven’t sued their parents over their student loans. Suing for financial misleading or some shit lol
>wife's boyfriend's kids
tbh its barely at 10%... who has been indicted or thrown to jail ? not many.. if any at all. 

until clinton , DNC's , smollet , ilhan omar , talib , google and other traitors are not thrown into jail, no justice as been done.
Show me even 1%.
No. Trials or “transformed necks” if you know what I mean.
Thank you Donald Trump!!!
Probably shouldn't be one either. Time to economically disassociate from those commies. Past time.
Seems the Fed is to our currency what the Deep State is to our government.  I.e. not good.
hopefully enough to regain from massive losses and then I'll GTFO
Lol
Possibly because the statement was misinterpreted. We WERE 90 percent done, before China pulled the plug. That happened a while back.
Does the USA really need to trade with anyone? Does it have any areas of surplus trade?
Oh... okay.  Its the Chinese!!!!  Put them in camps!
He even says this in his books.  If you walk away from the table, the terms get worse when you return.
Oh man, I love that we have a president with the balls to stand up to thieving Chinese bugmen.
How is axing the Iran deal good?
Na.  The trial is just a formality, in which you present the evidence you've collected.  The vast majority of the work is done before the trial even starts, or charges are even brought.

There will be virtually no charges brought until/unless Trump wins in 2020.  It is what should happen, but will be effectively used in the MSM as a club against his campaign as "jailing his political enemies". Any charges and/or punishment will have to be in the 2nd term.

Slow your roll.
> tbh its barely at 10%... who has been indicted or thrown to jail ? not many.. if any at all.

It blows my mind that people think they can put a completion number on something they have no inside information about. None of us can say one way or the other except for whatever is public information. If you've been paying attention you know there are tons of shit going on but none of us know the timeline for arrests or indictments, yet you slap a 10% number like you know what the fuck you are talking about. Amazing. The real number could be 90% or 50% or 35% or 85% or whatever but since Johnny no name on the internet isn't satisfied, it's 10%.
pay attention better
We owe them so much dinero though. How are we supposed to pay it back?
The problem is not trade per se (of course we want to make money selling stuff), but "free trade" where we run massive deficits while everyone else cleans up.
We could be 100% self sufficient with everything from cars to computers. Literally every resource we need is within our borders or very close, and there's plenty. It's not like Russia, where they had limited resources and/or manpower to harvest them.

But Chinese companies are far cheaper, so our businesses prefer to trade with the other side of the planet insted of bolstering our economy here.

If/when there's another Chinese revolution or some other collapse (want to be scared? Look up China's ghost cities. Their entire economy is based on investing in land and building empty skyscrapers that are so shittily built they collapse in three years), we're going to take a major hit too.
Need? No. America doesn't need anything it doesn't have.
The USA trades real shit for paper banknotes which become worth less with each new one printed. Look at the british empire vast trade surpluses are just the function of a dominant position and world reserve currency status.
> Does it have any areas of surplus trade?

Processors, GPUs and other precise electronics probably. 

Also, definitely weapons - not only handguns and such, but primarily missiles, airplanes (also forgot civilian planes - Boeing is big!), fighter jets, jet engines, radars, anti-aircraft defense systems, naval vessels etc.

But that's probably all, maybe except some agricultural products.

 China produces most of the global consumer goods. I think that if they also learn to make their own processors and set up the whole microchip industry (probably with aid of European and other Asian experts, maybe even Chinese economic spies from US tech companies), we (Europe) don't really need to trade with the US anymore, as you say. 

Then what Zbigniew Brzezinski (father of Mika and former security advisor to Jimmy Carter who predicted how the USSR will collapse in his university thesis) predicted in his book The Grand Chessboard in the early 1990s becomes true: the centre of global power will shift back to Eurasia where it has historically been, and China will again assume the position of world's pre-eminent power that was temporarily taken by the British Empire and later the US.
Yes, we do. There are lots of resources we do not have on our own soil. 

Also think of it in terms of specialization. If we have a specific advantage in one industry and another country has a specific advantage in another we can each specialize. The end result is higher productivity and better standard of living for everyone involved. This is preferable even if both countries have the capacity to make both goods themselves. 

However, we do not view trade this way. The multi national trade deals are a form of global wealth redistribution. Socialism redistributes the wealth of a nation. Communism redistributes the wealth of the world. 

Global trade deals, as they stand today, are nothing but communism.
Keep the peace for now and continue to grow our military and technology.
look at the tech companies and intellectual property for computers in general
No we don't
Trade is 8% of our GDP 4% of that is with Canada and Mexico
Trade is closer to 50% of GDP for some countries
 Lefties hate ot but we win any trade war
If we sell things to the world we get richer.  So yes, trade is good.
There are benefits to trade even if we have an absolute advantage in all sectors, which we do.  

The classic example is, Where Does the World's Best Dishwasher Work?  In mediocre law firm, because even a mediocre lawyer makes more than the best dishwasher.  Just because we CAN do everything better, we MAY be better off importing some things and focusing our labor/resources on higher profit products.
Exactly. the groundwork and the foundation is the most important part of the house yet isn't even seen by the owner. 

&#x200B;

The actual perp walks are just the tip of the iceberg. Before you do that you have to establish political capital, take control of various congressional majorities, and take control of the court systems. You also need a signal to display your message. Trump uses the internet, and it works very well. but making the signal louder by defeating google would help a ton.

&#x200B;

Once you have all that, of which we are inching closer and closer by the day. The actual perp walks can happen in less than 6 months.
> The real number could be 90% or 50% or 35% or 85%

Says Johnny no name on the internet.

Odd how it works both ways, isn't it?
> 90% or 50% or 35% or 85%

or 0%.
we've been hearing these talks for months now across many names.. some things perheps are being done, others are not. 

when you get all those people served some justice, then we can say 90%. 
until then they are walking scottfree while blatantly being on the offender side.
[deleted]
Show me *one* person of consequence who is in jail ... *just one*.
When you owe the bank $100,000, you have a problem. When you owe the bank $100,000,000,000, the bank has a problem.
I mean, I feel like that is not the problem. The problem is not free trade, it is fair trade. It is the prisoners dillema. America commits to free trade but other countries put up barriers to free trade. When they do so neither country benefits as much as if there was free trade, but America is exceptionally disadvantaged.

Since it’s unlikely a country like China will ever commit to true free trade America has to take a position that they will not either, otherwise we will continue to run at a trade deficit and continue to bleed our wealth.
Make Protectionism Great Again
To be fair, that doesn't really happen much with America Jr (aka Canada).  Probably the only example though.
The same idiots who argue that “free” trade is a good idea screech at me when I point out how environmentally deadbrained it is that we ship supplies/goods all the way across the world to be assembled into cheap shit that’s meant to break and then ship it back so it can break and fill up our landfills faster. Boggles the mind really.
Only thing I'm concerned about, and haven't been to wrap my head around yet, is the rare earth metals issue. I know we have a lot, that we just have to open up to mining, but no where near what China has. AU has more than us at #2, so our relationship with them I hope is better than Im thinking. 

Also, it really really chaps my hide that China controls the Panama canal. The way obama let them slither around the world, and into our hemisphere should be considered treasonous.
No we're not completely independent because of things like Rare Earth minerals. We could be self sustaining but we have to import a lot of materials because leftist environmental laws are stopping us
It's not really worthless. The fact the USD is world's reserve currency is caused not by its inherent worth, but by American *real* industrial might as well as the fact the US developed several industries crucial for the survival of the modern world, namely the microchip industry. Virtually no non-American tech company can survive without Intel etc.
Space power will ultimately pervent that. Europe and Asia are far, far behind the US in space technologies and that will begin to dominate geopolitics as well as the global economy in the next 50 years. It will have the same impact on the 21st century that steam power did on the 19th century.
that's already overtaken by the reality of islamization
Maybe the Chinese have economic spies. Maybe.

Maybe they wear funny hats and eat rice, too.
It also helps to cripple the perps' massive  propaganda network before you attempt it.
My point stands. None of us know but you acted like you did. I didn't.
but we don't know what's happening. Lawyers could be striking deals, evidence is being collected, etc etc and none of us would know about it. Nobody saw the Andrew McCabe getting indicted, it wasn't leaked. This is all being done by the book, no leaks.
Uh oh you brought up Sessions. Prepare for the downvote brigade from all the people living under rocks on t_d. You're absolutely right though, it's sad so many people here can't see it
Ok but still. They're going to want that money anyways, right?
Exactly, free trade only works if everyone "plays fair", which is just another liberal fantasy with no basis in reality.  "Free trade" is a lie.
That's what he said.
aka Make America Wealthy Again
I hate how Protectionism has been turned into something horrible in the eyes of a majority of westerners. Is it so bad to expect your government to protect your/it's own interests before other countries? What is the point of a government if all it does is provide support to outside countries?
Not to mention all the environmental costs to mining, processing and manufacturing new crap that breaks, be it a washing machine or car.
There are massive deposits that we haven't even mined yet - take the pebble project in Alaska for example:

The 2014 resource estimate includes 6.44 billion tonnes in the measured and indicated categories containing 57 billion lb copper, 70 million oz gold, 3.4 billion lb molybdenum and 344 million oz silver; and 4.46 billion tonnes in the inferred category, containing 24.5 billion lb copper, 37 million oz gold, 2.2 billion lb molybdenum and 170 million oz silver. Quantities of palladium and rhenium also occur in the deposit.

Supposedly there are similar deposits yet to be proven in the area.  If we need it, it's there.
Nobody has even bothered to try with rare earth metals. Morocco has a huge amount. There's just been no effort since the Chinese do it.
I think the problem is with processing, which is kinda nasty. There is supposedly a processing facility opening up somewhere in Texas.
And aviation, aviation is an American invention. Innovation on the whole is an American thing.
It's hyperbole. It's back by Oil.
hope so, come 2020 and smollet walks free still ? that will be shameful.
Most of the US debt is to itself, not China.
We'll just inflate the debt that why Trump wants lower rates
This week has made thing clear, they mean Marxism when they say 'fair.'
Free trade isnt a lie, but it needs to actually be implemented. Gov'ts can force each other to play fair with tariffs, which is what we're seeing now. 

Free trade is the ultimate evolution of any market when countries are committed to working with one another rather than in opposition.
If POTUS wanted to be really shitty, he could stop doing business with them until their CO2 emissions are in line with the Paris Accords directives. 😊
That's what it has seemed liked. But the Chinese have been dealing up those other areas in Africa, and other places iirc?
Huh. Good to know. Need to look into it more.
As an american who reads a lot of history, I feel obliged to point out that why this is largely true, to be fair to our british cousins, the British did invent the steam engine and the first modern patent system both of which spurred innovation in the west. So credit given where credit is due, though we get most electronics, nuclear power, modern aviation, assembly lines, the light bulb, and many, many more.
How does that even work Haha I thought that 21 trillion was to other nations
isnt that a short term solution?
Free trade has led to the manufacturing capabilities of the west being outsourced to China..

and now they have us by the balls, Montesquieu's is a globalist justification for countries to become increasingly interdependent on one another, at the cost of themselves.

The west only needs to strengthen itself and maintain it's own high quality of life - not kill itself for the pleasure of third world opportunists.
Except that they are not committed to that. They use our money from tariffs to expand militarily.  The only thing to do is tariff match, or slap tariffs on subsidized goods.
That's fair, and really innovation is a capitalism thing rather than an American thing. But Americans do capitalism quite well so there's a lot of overlap.
There's a good argument to be made that British supremacy in the 17-19th century was owed a lot to her more classical liberal approach to personal freedoms and freedom of business.
Thank God we've got someone to read history for us on here.
The debt is largely in short-term paper on 30, 90, 120 day cycles, and on 1 to 3 year cycles. Every month we pay interest on all these bonds and renew a whole bunch of them. If we stop renewing the debt, within 3 years nearly 75% of the national debt is gone. Vanishes. We go to a pay-go system the way the Constitution was designed to work and raise revenue with tariffs to fund the Federal government, as we did the first 180 years of our history. This is the reality few people seem to understand.

The terrifying number facing us is not the day-to-day national debt, it is the staggering costs of entitlements such as Medicare and Social Security. Those are empty promises based on lifespan projections from the 1930's and 1960's. Those cost overruns are in the hundreds of *trillions*. But all it takes to fix that is some political willpower.
Nation level economics is not at all similar to commercial / personal economics. It's closer to an accounting trick than actually being in debt.

As long as other nations still accept the dollar, being a trillion trillion dollars in debt is fine.
No. If you inflate the debt permanently ends up costing a lot less
Our problem with China isn't so much that they took labor through outsourcing, it's that they took labor through stolen IP, which allowed them to supplant other industries. 

There are far more factors than outsourced jobs at play with China. It's a worthwhile investment to move low-skill production to developing areas, whereas more skilled labor takes place stateside. 

Jobs in the US would also balance out substantially if we were able to fully enter China's market and supercharge our manufacturing industry to sell shit to the Chinese. 

Our major fuck up was allowing China to overdevelop skilled labor positions by robbing our companies of IP and barring them from entering China's markets. This is why free trade doesn't work with them - we don't actually have any semblance of a free market between the two countries.
Which they no longer have.
>  If we stop renewing the debt, within 3 years nearly 75% of the national debt is gone. 

Can you expand on that?
Yeah, I should have figured it was complicated. I bring my taxes to an accountant and that shit is already complicated enough. Cant imagine how it looks when theres nations involved. I'm not gonna make any commentary on this subject anymore because I clearly have no idea what's going on
interesting I'll check that out
Oh it's a free market,
it's just skewed one way - and every free market is susceptible to this if not put under check
Our country just needs to withdraw from them in favor of more reliable countries. This is really more than acteade issue. This is Trump's version of war sans bullets. You can take a nation down economically.  Maybe not totally, but down to the point that they have nothing spare for military provocation.
I don't need to. Go to the Treasury website and run the numbers yourself. You can buy some there or invest through any number of Treasury index funds/ETFs. None of this is secret or privileged information.
It's not a free market though. Most US companies can't gain access to sell in China. There are barriers to entry that can't be met, ergo it's a restricted market. Not a free market.
Maybe you're right,
But it's not wrong to say that when we attempted to compete on an equal footing in some areas of the market that weren't restricted - they've been gutted, because China was able to manufacture the cheaper alternative.
Then you will tell me it's not free, because they were able to do this - no it's free, it's just no fair.
A free market doesn't mean a fair market, the whole point of free market economics is just unrestricted freedom within that market like you said.
In some circumstances China has definitely done this, not all of China's market is a one way restriction where we cannot sell products.
Awesome. "Ummmmm what I do officer??"
Woman can laugh or cry their way out of any ticket.
BAD BOYS!
What a great guy!
"Look at that cop harrass that illegal mexican!... oh wait,  he identifies as legal!.  I just now commit harry carry!"
No seat belt, no lights, no rego, no lumpy V8 - book 'em Danno!
“Well, looks like you got a brake light out.”
Or barf on them that works too(know a lady who did this), no idea if she was intoxicated but officer let her go.
True story: my girlfriend at the time (about '07 ish) was pulled over for speeding (I was passenger for some reason). Said to the (male) officer "just started my period. Trying to get home." He was like, "uhhh... okay be safe bye". She was most definitely not on her period. So women have that going for them, which I suppose is helpful in some circumstances.
If only there was some kind of department, perhaps dedicated to justice type issues that could prosecute people that commit crimes like this instead of just ignoring them over and over and over and over and over. And over.
So which Republican will have the balls to make the criminal referral to the DOJ?? Dan Crenshaw, we know you do.
And, yes, I chose the photo with Monopoly Man in the background deliberately. He's the hero we deserve.
This mother fucker has a billion dollars.
He is not going to jail. 
When you can BUY the people who are meant to enforce the laws, you are no longer subject to them.
Don't use Google products. Berate those who do. Make Google a bad word, a word meaning to obscure, or deceive.
He’s a dem. Lying is an inherent trait that is never punished
There is no risk, unless your one of us in the cheap seats!
Who is this smug piece of shit?
San Quentin Sundar
Deport him.
The hubris of these fuckers just amazes me. They really think that they are the smartest and the most virtuous people on the planet because they live in an echo chamber. Its time to lock a couple of these pricks  and Pichai would be a good start.
lol and like that the donald became quarantined 

&#x200B;

its about to begin
What specifically did he lie about?
This ding dong will never see a second in prison. Ever. Neither anyone at Google. I swear, they can slaughter a village and the Dumbocrats will just scream about “drumpf”
He has no fear of lying, Half the people in that room are on his payroll. They also happen to be liberal senators. Realize this guy has innumerable wealth and is the actual guy running the liberal show. We wouldn't step in that room if he had any fear of being locked up. He knows exactly how many votes it would take for him to be found guilty of anything and he has already purchased those to go into his favor.
I deleted Facebook 5 yrs ago, went into the registry and deleted the keys. I stopped using Google 2 yrs ago, and I too have an Android so I went into the settings on the phone and put all permissions to not use Google. No browser but the Playstore is unavoidable. Yuck!  \*holds nose and grabs download\* and then I cut my wrists!!  J/K!!

On a funnier note, there was a person on the left side of Pichai that got dressed slowly putting  a hat, mustache, and monocle which after he was done dressing on the camera, he leaned forward and out and mouthed out the words "see me".  I recorded it on my phone to show friends!!  Who would just believe that?? Well I had friends laughing hysterically and no one saw that!!  So I am very happy this pick of Pichai has the "Monopoly Man" in it!!
As an Indian Trump supporter sorry for this waste of sperm human being along with Ajith Pai
#CONSEQUENCES!!!!!!

Please.
monopoly mustache guy wins
"risks" lol

They are elite leftists. Immune from the law.
It would just make the guy a martyr. It’s best to do what project Veritas is doing and expose google for what they are.

The best way to fight google is to stop using their services and promote that everyone you know do the same.
Looks like a goat
Google, is the enemy of humanity.
Google is a intel agency funded op, what do people not get about this? The CEO is simply doing what he is told to do.
Please put this hack in jail!
I was pretty neutral on this dude for a long time, but it's clear power has corrupted him absolutely. Break Google up!
**The face of evil.**
Google is a foreign entity operated by foreign nationals who are hell bent on subverting our democracy and destroying our country.

Change my mind.
Foreign agents working in full force to dismantle USA.
You're telling me these people can't even engineer working toilets for their country but we're importing them to run our tech companies? What the fuck?
"Risks" heh
Look at that smug globalist cocksucker. He's so sure that he's untouchable even with his buddy Obama and the other corrupt democrats on his payroll out of power.
Prepare for nothing to happen
Who?
There is no law for the rulers. 

Only you.
It's no risk because he knows nothing will be done to him like nothing has been done to any leftists who lie to Congress. Even if criminal referrals were made, the DOJ would decline to press charges. Pichai is part of the protected class. The only time people from that class go down is when they need a scapegoat to appease the masses until the move onto something else. That's all Al Franken was.
Laws are for us peasants
Arggh these type of threads kill me about this sub.  Wish context was given to not have to decipher thru all the comments.

What in your opinion did he lie about OP??
Was he even under oath? I know Mark Zuckerberg wasn't when he testified (as is tradition when cucks testify).
I can't stand this disgrace. Reddit takes after him.
Bruh FUCK the censorship, i had to change my password and get on my desktop just to comment this....
Wait, are we really sure we want to go down this route?  Sure, this will help us, but think of all of our own that will get sent to jail too!
If you make the claim he lied under oath just do everyone the favor and present the evidence. Otherwise you are just asking me to go hoo raa raa with you.
 meme discord up, pm me for invite
He has to go back.
It's no risk for these lefties who are paying off lefty judges, prosecutors and feds. None at all and they know it.
I thought it was cool to lie about everything now, what's the problem? "truth isn't truth"
Pichai - the poster child representative of all the 'progressive corporate oligarchs' who KNOW they OWN this country, it's wealth, the PEOPLE and our government.

Of course they lie, who's going to bring charges against them, the US govt who FINANCED their inception, their technology, the FBI/DOJ who work 24/7 to SHIELD them from us peons who think the Constitution and the Rule of Law actually applies to all equally???

WAKE THE EF UP SHEEPLE....there's a reason they continue to smirk, laugh and show utter contempt and condescension for anyone who dares question their actions.   It's all a show, an elaborate show designed just for US, its the millennial version of 'Leave it to Beaver" feel good, everything is 'normal' and right with the world, while they gut the life out of the greatest country ever envisioned.
Exact Same Shit, different pile.
The biggest predictor of criminality is a perception that you'll get away with it. There's no reason for them to believe they'll ever face justice at this point, so criminality will rapidly increase until justice is served.
Dude's got snitches watching him. Madcap paranoia and other associated pathologies ensue. Sundar clown show beginning soon. Have fun, googlers!
Degenerate liar.
Yeah but those he lied to took his checks and will be getting future ones. Oh he'll get fake roughed up a little in a fake fight.
Ahhh, Mr. Monopoly.

&#x200B;

Perfect capture.

&#x200B;

Edit: Looked up the person behind the disguise. Fuck that bitch. But not literally.
This is such absolute bullshit!

  
Rules for thee but not for me!

&#x200B;

We don't need 1776, we need 1789! All of us people (even the brainwashed ones that think they're "on the left" are all being divided and screwed by corporatism)
I don’t know why, but for some reason I felt he parsed his words when the upper management spoke to their staff.   I think he’s hiding his more conservative views from the rest of the company.
[removed]
I disown this man from the Indian race

Edit: Hi Google shills. Please die in a fire. Enjoy your incoming class actions
Is this guy a Mohammedan?
[removed]
There has to be a criminal referral to the DoJ.

Call your senator/congressman depending on where they lied under oath.
Look at that guy, social justice warrior to the bone. Problem is it's not justice he's looking for, it's dominance and "right think". They should throw that smug arrogant ass in prison for electioneering and political discrimination.
Maybe if they weren’t all bribed by their globalist masters.
Oh you mean the guy who sponsored the anti-second amendment TAPS act?
Not really. He's a strategy director for Revolution Messaging, a firm run by Keegan Goudiss, Bernie Sanders’ director of digital advertising during the 2016 election.
I was more interested in what a younger Paul Sorvino was doing at the hearing.
Monopoly Man doesn't have a monocle.
He's not as rich as the US Treasury, which is us. If we had an FBI and DOJ that did the will of the people like they are supplsed to do then the people would crush this guy and every other censor happy tech billionaire.
Lmao really you’re going to boycott Google? Good luck with that
Just another leftist tyrant trying to destroy our country.
[deleted]
>The hubris of these fuckers just amazes me.

-
Except it's really NOT "hubris"... the entire system is **corrupt** and they **know it**... because they are themselves a ***VERY active*** **and *critical* component** of the entire corrupt system itself.

-
Moreover they know that things like "testifying before Congress" is **just** -- for them -- a \*yawn\* well-orchestrated "circus show"... and therefore NOT an actual "danger" to them in any regard.

-
The "deep state" has their back, because they are PART of, and IN COLLUSION with the deep state itself ... the only time they would face any REAL danger would be if they were to actually expose the "dirt" they have developed on other individuals within the deep state.
Man the wall! The SJWalkers are coming.
He lied when he said they don't interfere with right wing thoughts and he lied about Google don't use algaretiams to cancel out conservatives .he looks like a pedi cab driver. And he's a losing p.o.s. this time around $won't get them out for interfering in a presidential election.
Its a chick.
Boy, James O'Keefe really poked the hornet's nest this week. Not a peep from mainstream media about Google's bias.
Maybe this is why it's OK to shit in the streets of San Francisco.  Makes them feel at home.

Ha. TD just got quarantined!  Rat fucking bastards!
This was without a doubt the most stupid comment I've ever come across on the internet. You sir, are a special kind of moron.
Remember Kids. He runs Google. The Man in the High Castle knows EVERYTHING.
Zuck had his choice between oath and booster seat.
He's Indian, I very much doubt he attends a mosque. If anything, it'd be a Hindu temple.
I hate Google. I hate Google so damn much.

At work, we are still tied in with Google's enterprise products, but I can tell you one thing: A couple months ago, we completely stopped all advertising on Google Adwords. We bumped up advertising in other areas, but we haven't sent a dime to Google for advertising.

We still use their cloud, but we're seriously considering making that change too (it's a big change). Problem is, there aren't any good options. We could use GCP, AWS or Azure. Microsoft isn't as in-your-face as Google, but they're just as bad, left-leaning and abusing Visas.
Yeah fuck that depth perception lacking neocon cunt
Well, I would have to say he did a pretty good job. Bernie won the nomination, until the evil old hag stole it from him.

I would hire him to do digital advertising, unless he's a massive cuck, which seems unlikely, judging by his sense of humor.
Monopoly Man drew a huge amount of attention, so he's obviously pretty good at PR.   
Even so, I only care that he's making Sundar look like a joke.
Still funny though, lol.
Its pretty easy to not use google actually.  You just dont know about the competitors.  Wonder why?
People have the right to do that ya know. I've been cutting ties with Google as well. I can't cut all ties obviously due to Android but it does give piece of mind knowing all my eggs aren't in the same basket.
>How uneducated do you have to be to not the CEO of Google lol

Apparently this much lol
I thought the algorithms just pushed hate speech down in search results.  Oh, right, I forget, Conservative thought and principles are Hate Speech.
I ditched Chrome and Google Search a while back after I started noticing bad search results for anything remotely political, racial, etc. Bing and DDG would give me *exactly* what I was searching for, while Google would either give me the opposite, it nothing related to my search.

I'm on Android though and have always been an Android user, so I'm stuck using other Google services right now.
I ditched Adwords Express a few years ago. Truthfully it was only then that people that needed our services found our services. Google advertising was notorious for changing my settings and adding things that had nothing to do with my business. Which in turn pointed people that we were unable to help to us. It was a huge clusterfuck by the time I cancelled it. Couldn't be happier now.
Rackspace?
Hate to break it to you, but Google makes more off of selling your personal info than they do of the money your work spends on AdWords. But I hear you Pede. Brave Browser and DDG or Qwant for search.
Check out Dells Virtustream
Google only uses machine learning now to place ads. People aren't there anymore to customize ad placement.
Duuuude. I had food in my mouth and almost choked.
[deleted]
I think it distracts the public and the congressmen. He’s not a mad lad. He’s paid SJW
You know what? I'm gonna stop using Google as my main search engine in my phone and switch to Bing. I already dumped chrome for Edge.
Use Brave in combination with DDG.
"unable to help". What a great mindset for a business. I get that google was sending you the wrong people, but I really do love that you look at potential customers not just as their wallet, but as someone you want to solve a problem for.  I assume your business is doing well? 

 That's a great customer service perspective, and I wish more companies would share it.
They’re cucked too. All of the cloud providers have their pluses and minuses, but for my needs, Azure is the clear winner.
heheheh
Wait, now I'm confused. I thought we were talking about the funny monopoly guy in the background.
https://i.imgur.com/GTxvYcp.gif
Duckduckgo for search engine.

Brave for browser.

You'll thank me later.
I'm using Opera with VPN and duckduck , is that a good solution o tech pede?
Brave, DDG, and Express VPN.
47 years. Appreciate the nice comments. Thanks.
[deleted]
Whats wrong with Bing and Edge?
Opera (at least before 12, as far as I've heard) is unfortunately Chromium based, which Chromium is developed by Google. 

Brave Browser is also Chromium based.

Off the top of my head, the most popular non Chromium based browser is Firefox, who's been killing it lately (in a good way). 

As far as a VPN goes, while something is better than nothing, a lot of people strict on privacy recommend VPNs based in a certain country (Sweden or Switzerland, IIRC).
Fuck.
I'll be darned.
It depends on your acceptance of replacing one tech giant with another.
Reall thanks man for the info, darn, the VPN on my Opera is set to Swiss but I guess it's compromised anyway being chrome.

Back to firefox then ,thanks mate
No problem. Just to clarify, VPN not neccessarrily set as though you were accessing places from Switzerland (searched, it was in fact Switzerland I was thinking of. Their laws regarding internet are  alot more lax, as well as they don't comply with the EU Data Retention Law. Pretty much, if you're not doing anything explicitly illegal (like financing terrorism), but rather a VPN company based in Switzerland (not an advertisement, I've heard good things about Nord VPN).

And then back to browser stuff, I see lists that have Opera listed as a Chromium browser, while other places say Opera ditched Chromium.
cool man I'l look into a payed VPN like Nord, I'll do more reading on Opera, I really like it as a browser, seems like the coders aren't feds too
I have seen not one regular here call for Violence against our Police officers.
I've seen 3 in my two years here. All three were removed after I reported them. I've seen hundreds of calls to violence in other subreddits that aren't removed, but of course they are left alone.
Tbh, it is easy. 

Write a comment, get upvotes. 
Wait a few days for the post to fall off radar. 

Edit your comment to be hateful, but similar to how the comments are responding to you. 

Then, take a screenshot, send to vox and make a news story. 

Do this multiple times.


Spez: or have reddit admin manually edit your post at the database without a trace, like the CEO publically admitted to doing to us before.
Not liars, the ones screaming to have in banned made the fake accounts and posted the controversial material in the first place.
Its utterly amazing. They're going to try to pull off the spin of T_D threatening cops and Reddit Inc sticking up for them? How many times have anti cop rhetoric been allowed to slide on this website? 🤡🌍
Tab open everyday 4-6 hours casually... Never see anything like that, stuff like that gets squashed quickly. This is BS.
Your very existence is violence to these cucks
I've been here since 30k followers.  No violence.  I've seen plenty of calls towards violence against the right on other subs, however.
You don't understand. "Come and take it" is now classified as violence.
Same here. Was about 20K when I joined. This is one of the most tolerant subs on reddit when it comes to politics and being decent human beings in general.
Been here since there were less than 2000 subscribers.  Never seen that crap either.
The posts they are referring to were deleted by mods shortly after. About 30 on a sub with tens of thousands of posts an hour.
Same here. Joined at 25k. I’m reading T_D every day, at least a couple hours scattered throughout the day. Hot, New, Rising. I’ve hit the report button a good number of times for random trolls, but never have I seen calls for violence against police.
I have seen obvious infiltration by trolls attempting to incite us.  They were really bad at it, & I always reported them.  Otherwise I've never seen it either.

The owner of T_D can file an appeal.  It's better than nothing.  They shut us down on the word of Carlos Maza, from what I read over on Voat.
It's all bullshit. They are filthy lying scumbags and it will catch up to them.
Obviously my throwaway account. My regular account has been on T\_D when we were tickled shitless to get to 1000 subs. It's ridiculous that I can't speak my mind without fear f retribution just for my ideas. It's so Orwellian to even think that could happen in our country, yet here we are. Still loving the place as always :-)
I’ve been on TD since 10-20k (under different accounts because they were found IRL) and you’re right.
We are pro police here.  As is donald himself.  BLM literally are anti police.  A staple of the left that literally killed cops.
Look I hate to say this, but I have been a regular, I have been on T_D a longer time than this account, and I have seen MANY calls to violence. I personally reported them all. Many did not even get removed by moderators. In fact, I can still link to several active ones.

I catalogued some examples of the calls to violence, look for yourself:

https://i.redd.it/zllcxpf9br631.png

Yup, that's an extremely violent subreddit that lets its militant and dangerous community spread calls to violence on a routine basis. You should have seen their thread on Ajit Pai.

But the donald? Nope, never any violence at all here. Its a positive energy place
Shit would be downvoted to oblivion.



But as we all know, posts like 'Pepsi is great!' and 'Drumpf is literally nazi' organically get 70k upboats in 5 minutes on the 'front page of the internet'



And why that's a good thing! - Gay ass on Vox who centers his whole life on being gay but cries when someone calls him gay.
And those 3 were all edited by spez secretly behind the scenes to contain violent content.
Yeah, the violence part is bs.

But if you've been here from the start you will remember how civil things used to be.

Remember when the alt-right sub was banned and the Deus Vult posts started to show up? How they were removed because we are opposed to radical Islam but accept peaceful Muslims?

Now you will have those idiots here trying to argue there are no peaceful Muslims and downvoting all who dissent.

Then there is the recent rise of anti-LGBTQ posts.
That is what I suspect too.  Some lefty journo creates the offending post then says "look what I found!"
Mine too. We all know what this is and it's nothing. Not anywhere near what other leftist subs like politics or badcopnodonut do with their actual calls to violence.

http://magaimg.net/img/8b23.jpg

https://i.redd.it/f0n87qrqsr631.jpg
An actual shitpost. Bravo Pede
> But if you've been here from the start you will remember how civil things used to be.

When ciswhitemaelstrom was head mod?  Civil?  Dude was poking the bear with every single sticky.
THANK YOU. 

I feel like I’m going crazy the last few days with the blatant anti-LGBTQ posts. “Gays and pedos are one and the same”. Like wtf is that bullshit?
He's gone for good reasons which shows that we don't let that shit fly. I was here.
Upboat, but he built our shitposting community.  I was obviously here too.  Misz his ass.  I was always like 'omg he just stickied that'




Go down with grace.  Shit talking.
Here are 12 heartbreaking photos that will make you say "fuck having laws and borders and shit."
What the hell does that have to do with Trump's immigration policy? His immigration policy is STAY HOME! If the dumbass 3rd worlder had STAYED HOME he and his "daughter" would be alive. Also, if you're going to swim across a body of water, do not tie your self to someone else. That's a good way to get everyone to drown.
Drumph's fault for making the economy too good. People are just dying to come here.
Trump is also responsible for the meteor that killed the dinosaurs oh and the war of 1812. That was all Trump
They did this to themselves

We told them not to
Everything used to be Bush's fault.
does this mean that all the European colonizers and immigrants that died on the boat ride over from the Old World can be blamed on the native american indians?
So Trump is a nativist.  That means that he puts America first, all Americans, gay and straight, jew, hindu, christian, white, black, asian, hispanic, doesn't matter, America First.

So how is he a racist?
Cat has hair balls? Trump’s fault
2+2= Orange Man Bad
Screw Vox. It’s not Trump’s fault that migrants violate our laws and take dangerous risks trying to jump the border.
Ok Vox.  Now do a story on Americans that die at the hands of illegal immigrant drunk drivers, gang members and so on.
US lax dealings with illegals are why there are more illegals trying to come in.

If the US wasn't so nice to them and made illegals' life very difficult (instead of better than Mexico in every way), you wouldn't have a problem.
Shame on the people who encouraged this man to try cross a gushing river with a baby in tow. 

This has absolutely nothing to do with Trump.
Same shit the did with the floating boy in for europe refugees. 

They want americans to feel sorry and open the flood gates.
##Oh too bad

##IF they would have just stayed home
They live? Thanks Obama!
I came in legally. No one drowned my kid (born here) and I. I also, as a parent, cannot think of a single fucking scenario that would compel me to swim my toddler across one of the largest rivers in the world. 

More to the point, who the fuck do they think they're playing here because the message I'm getting from all this is that the only immigrants they want are the ones who run across the border. All their proposals would lead to even more atrocious processing times for the people who do it legally. It's a slap in the fucking face.
But also according to the same people we stole the real native’s land. These people think Americans don’t have a country.
How is this not 100% the fault of Democrats who incentivize people to come to the US illegally? This could be fixed in a weekend with Republican control of the House and a supermajority in the Senate.

AOC, Pelosi, etc. have these migrants' blood on their hands.
stay.in.your.own country
Such a shame. They were trying so hard to get to that Concentration Camp.
You’d think Democrats would be thrilled to have all those dead people who can now reliably vote Democrat.
My grandpa died in 2009 on Easter Sunday.  


God damn Drumpf!
Apparently we are supposed to be reaching out  to other countries with luxury buses or private planes,  and ferrying them to the USA preemptively. Don't laugh, some people actually think this.
The father is to blame. He made the decision to put his child in danger. 

Not much you can do with that. 

The sad thing is he will never face justice in this world. He will have to face it in the next life.
First story on Channel 4 news in the UK tonight. No reasonable person can hold anyone in the US government responsible for this. What do they want? A fucking bridge? People who fall for this shit are fucking mentally defective.
remind anyone of the dead babies floating up on Italian beaches? there is nothing they won't do to win 2020. that is not an overstatement.
It's never their country's fault.
White supremacists nativists build nice nations that are far too good and clean and safe. If the white supremacist nativists built their nations more like Mexico did, there wouldn't be the strange attraction and the problems with millions of impoverished brown people fleeing their brown non-nativist Third World shitholes would disappear.
Vox is fake news with AIDS!
Of course it’s Zach Beauchamp. He’s responsible for the most smug, elitist and intellectually dishonest writing that I’ve seen come out of Vox. Every article that plays on ignorance is written by him. 

His rebuttal to Halper not being a spy is that he was a FBI informant, good job...
What’s this? Someone died of flu in Madagascar? TRUMPS FAULT!
Fucking Drumpf made America so desirable that migrants walk thousands of miles across dangerous terrain to enter illegally. If only Drumpf had turned America into a shithole, we wouldn't be having these problems!
Meanwhile no photos of the bodies of Americans killed by illegal aliens.
Sounds just like 1930's Nazi German propaganda at its finest
Being the world's piggy bank is not sustainable.
They shouldn't be coming here illegally. Hopefully President Trump's zero tolerance policy will make sure others do not even attempt to flood into our country.
Where are the headlines and pics of all the Americans killed by illegals due to the Dems immigration policy??
If only Vox were so concerned for the kids when the Obama Administration had them in cages.. Hmmmmm
This morning I stubbed my little toe. It was Trump's fault!
NEW BUZZWORDS ALERT

>NATIVISM

#NATIVIST BIGOTS
The father is obviously to blame, but also their country of origin. Maybe of instead putting money in their own pockets, the government of that country should use it to make life better for its citizens.
At this point, I cut right to the chase with leftists.

Tell me what you want.

Do you want zero border enforcement? Do you want open borders? Do you want uncontrolled immigration? Do you want to grant citizenship to everyone who is here illegally?

Tell me what you want. Say it out loud. Declare yourself my enemy. Declare yourself a traitor to this nation. Do it.
Meanwhile in Europe....
Any loss of life is horrible, but this has been going on for decades, blaming Trump takes some real mental gymnastics.
Illegals were dying on Obama's watch but MSM never worried about it then. Why now?
Its not our fault Mexico is run by cartels that do not care Bout thier countrymen and women. Maybe Mexico should fix thier own country instead of sending everyone here.
Did they find the pre-paid gift cards from Soros on them?
Well, it's his fault that America is becoming great again. The demand is making people come.
Fuck VOX Media!
Blood is absolutely on liberals hands. Again.
Who takes vox seriously???
Welcome your home’s transformation or be called a Nativist!
You forgot the past and future and in dreams
If everything is trump's fault , then nothing is trump's fault. 
keep going democrats.
Pretty solid argument for a wall
Isn't 'nativism' the same idea that the democraps are using to justify the takeover of the nation by so-called indigenous peoples, because whites are evil invaders who 'stole the land' from them? Goddamn idiots.
Don't forget that "Trump's Immigration Policy" was created by laws decades old.
This doesn't reflect on his policy in any way. This is a result of failing to follow rules. You cannot be responsible for what happens to someone if they refuse to abide by the guidelines you've set out. The takeaway should be that be that people need to immigrate legally, not that the United States should open it's borders. If someone dies because they choose to drink & drive, it isn't a reflection on the existence of alcohol & cars. It shows that rules exist for a reason.
One of the many things I love that Trump has done was that he showed the true colors of “analysts”, “media giants”, “journalists” and the everyday person.  Trump has awaken many Americans about how crooked they can be and how crazy they are and everyday more and more people are seeing it and fleeing the Democratic Party.  The democrats are way to extreme, to the point they’re truly anti-American.
Zack beauchamp a.k.a  stupid activist posing as a "journalist"  number 34 who works at VOX
Show me evidence to even prove they’re related
Thanks Trump.
And what is Vox saying about deaths in Chicago?
The same argument they use regarding capitalism. Something bad happened? It wouldn't have happened if you'd all just accept communism!
Isn't Vox that lispy faggot website?
Now do crying mothers whose children were killed by illegal immigrants. You don't even have to do the ones straight up shot or stabbed; just do the ones killed by illegals driving drunk.
Womp womp
You could argue it's Trump's fault by saying that because Trump hasn't eliminated the incentives for these criminals that he is responsible for them making the decision to break our laws. Stupid argument, but more reason to build the wall and deport deport deport. Even more effective if we start shooting people that try to cross illegally.
Go home
Fuck Vox. ALL PRIMATES are territorial as fuck.

It's normal and natural and healthy for long-term survival to define and defend your area to the DEATH if need be against invaders, even from your own species.

Yet ANOTHER piece of proof that biology doesn't step aside for the fantasies and whimsy of commies.
Dinosaurs?

Trump's Fault!
Planned Parenthood wraps live babies, turns out the lights, shuts the door and goes to lunch?!! Dems encourages illegals to get here!!
Vox used to be a fairly honest news source. Used to be...
Vox Media is cancer.

Don't forget to also boycott Verge, SBNation etc. At the very least, block their ads.
cause of death: Orange man BAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAD!
How is this different than the last 100 years of people illegally crossing the Rio Grande? Just when you think they can't make a claim more ridiculous and out of context than the last whopper they put there, they come through in the clutch.
why does this thread say community quarantined?
I'll try and swim the Niagara river with my daughter tonight.  If I don't make it across, it's Trump's fault....
Congress is responsible.  Their inaction causes many people to die and to be raped.
Vox is fucking evil
For all of you who don't understand, wanting your country to have borders is Nativism. That is what these people are trying to make the norm.
lmao what is even happening? Do Democrats hate credibility?
The dude left a toddler alone on the far bank of a river and swam back across without her. The girl tried to swim back to him and he died trying to rescue her.

Parental neglect killed this child.
Trump told them not to come, how is HIS POLICY causing this? Even if we decriminalized illegal crossing the ppl would have died.
Hillary killed those people.
We'd all be fucking starving and dying without our borders and laws, lol.
Get rescued by US border patrol while dying of dehydration in the middle of a desert, then put in an air-conditioned facility with food and water, and not die? Trump's fault too.
Many Filipinos are still living poverty wiaitng for their chance to come to America, and haven't seen families who are in America for many years like my aunt's and uncles, because they have to wait like everyone else who lives in a country not bordering America to even get a visa to visit. Yet we don't complain because we understand Immigration policies and why they're set in place, so screw these guys for complaining and mourning lost ones for illegal crossing.
At least Cubans can figure out how to build a raft.
People dying on the way here is our fault ?
Wow! The leftists think President Trump is omnipotent. Responsible for everything.
The most disturbing thing about that photo was they're both laying face down.

How do you know they're dead? You should roll them over and check for pulse and respiration before you start taking pictures. Unless they did that and then re-posed them for the picture.
i'd argue that it's the democrat's policy of open borders that failed this man and his daughter.
These people do not believe in the concept of personal responsibility so they eat up bullshit like this.
What King O said

[https://twitter.com/i/status/1143871724708081664](https://twitter.com/i/status/1143871724708081664)
Now do the Obama's drone attacks on people's wedding.
I died when Ajit Pai repealed Net Neutrality...
Word of the day: Nativism.
What’s wrong with switching from DPS to Tank?
isn't this the two people who drowned trying to cross the rio grande illegally?
> Here are ~~12 heartbreaking~~ photos of AOC looking sad that will make you say "fuck having laws and borders and shit."

Ftfy
The left wants no borders ... at least no borders around wealthy, successful countries anyway.

Global marxism is consistent and persistent.
>*Here, look at these sad pictures! Now let us smuggle underage sex slaves in peace!*
The Evolution of Buzzfeed
Here is one finger saying fuck you
 “Any formal attack on ignorance is bound to fail because the masses are always ready to defend their most precious possession - their ignorance.”


Hendrik Willem van Loon
Not to mention they're not "immigrating" in the first place, they're taking a treacherous journey in an attempt to illegally enter another country.
Look at who is luring these people to immigrate here illegally.  If anything, the blood is on the hands of the Democrats and Leftists who are trying to bring as many of these immigrants here as possible.  They're 100% political pawns, exploited by the Left.
Jesus, they are not sending their best.
One could argue that it has more to do with democrats' immigration policy. Come to the US. Get free stuff. Get citizenship.

^Vote ^Democrat
It doesn’t. Vox is mentally retarded.
His policy isn't stay home.  It is "Come here legally".
I think that meme of the guy putting a stick in his bicycle spokes would be adequate here. Migrant shoves stick in bicycle spokes, falls, "FUCKING DRUMPF"
CPS take away kids for a lot less than taking them days through the fucking desert.  But muh child separation!
Your sense of humor is killing me. Trump’s fault!
We need peach mint earrings now!

How many dinosaurs have to die before Mango Derango is assassinated by anti-fascists?
Well, he is a time traveler
I heard he is also responsible for the destruction of Krypton.
What about the Raiders losing Super Bowl II ?   Trump did that.
I'm actually reading a book on the War of 1812.  While impressment was one of the main justifications, the numbers seem to pretty much have been made up.  The British weren't actually kidnapping American sailors so much as getting back just a few British deserters.  If it weren't for fake news, the US would be one of the most peaceful countries on earth.
Actually no, Trump is responsible for the big bang explosion!
He is a time traveler after all
He is a time traveler...
I stubbed my toe on the coffee table running from the fridge to the couch. Fuck Dftrump!
The left’s stance on immigration into the USA has become:

Anyone, from anywhere, at anytime, should be allowed to enter the United States at any place, for any reason, and then allowed to invite as many family members here as they want to receive free housing/food/schooling/child care/etc for literally as long as they want. And, if you don’t support this, you are a racist white nationalist.


Honk honk indeed.
Don't worry, Bush still holds the record for largest hurricane ever summoned.
yes exactly.  seriously !
No, sorry. It means they too can blame President Trump.
Because the mainstream media told you so.  Obey.  Conform.  Consume.
Because many people have come to believe that America = white only, and all other Americans of different races are a bolted on group who are separate Americans.
yep, apparently now American is a race despite the fact we're the world's biggest melting pot. And we should also give a bunch of free shit to people who break the law entering, ignoring an entire process that people use every year to enter legally... all the while we have actual citizens in abject poverty who can't even afford to feed their kids, public transit is falling apart everywhere, public schools are worse than ever, politicans are offering free shit to everyone, and so on.

Clown world
A nativist? Meaning that he puts Native Americans first?
That woman’s balls have hair? Trump’s fault!
McFlurry machine is down?  Trump's fault.
The Great Sphinx would still have its nose intact if not for Trump colluding with the ancient Russians.
"Thanks Obama!"

-Trump's fault
Oh, you mean the one the body of whom they moved into a more photogenic location before taking the picture?  Color me shocked, *shocked* I say.
They are mad because the victims didn't make it in to get their drivers license and get their names on the voting roll in california.

They don't care about the victims.  They only care that they can vote "dead or alive"
Weimar 2.0
Little Jose Quervo shooters from pelosi
It isn't this thread it is the whole domain.
Isn't it like ankle deep?
Rio Bravo i think?
*nvm same river
Her angry look makes me want to slap her
That quote coming from a guy with that last name is a spicy meatball.
And to steal. 

Or commit *some* crime once here -- goes as far as terrorism.
Agreed.  If they knew the border was closed and there were no freebies they would not come here illegally.
Hay Zeus might be their best.
“’You're not allowed to call them dinosaurs anymore,’ said Yo-less. “It's speciesist. You have to call them pre-petroleum persons.’”


― Terry Pratchett, *Johnny and the Bomb*
Speaking of dead dinosaurs, remember with Mark Dice asked people what they thought of the Trump kids big game hunting endangered dinosaurs and no one batted an eye and said it was horrible.

&#x200B;

 [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gc4Mi4ocyDw](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gc4Mi4ocyDw)
Wow, thanks for redpilling me! For a long time me and my people have always thought that American is the land of "free stuffs" and "high salaries", and that we must always **fight tooth and nail** just to become an American citizen! 

Probably due to the fact that we have a sizable VN community there which promotes us to come over, and I didn't know Democrat's propaganda also plays a role too.
# HADOUKEN!
A woman with balls just beat your daughter's best time by 1 minute 13 seconds? You got TransTrumped!
in some parts yes. not only were they bad criminals, they were dumb too.

it's like that guy years ago who decided to break into a house through the skylight in the kitchen, only to fall on the knife block and impale himself.  sometimes you can't help stupid.
For most of the river.  When I went digging for info, all that I really learned is it maxes around 60' and at one point there was the possibility of the government making it navigable up to El Paso (ie, the Texas part) with some engineering work.
[removed]
To be fair, he was asking Californians. In any other state they'd get a complimentary helmet and a window to lick.
That was a school gym, I believe, and they were on the roof in the dark and the skylights were painted black. So that spawned a lawsuit and endless variations of urban legend.
The burglar's atty got him 5k, but that wasn't justice. Fletcher Reeve would've got him 10!
Didn't that guy sue the homeowner and win?
Coming illegally into a country is a crime.

To stay illegally in a country requires multiple crimes.

So, yes, they are coming here to commit crimes.
Asylum isn't for people seeking opportunity, asylum is for people who are fearing for their lives.  How many illegal immigrants should the US allow to be in our country, in your opinion?  Serious question... is it okay for a million people to be here illegally?  2 million?  How many is okay in your mind?  I'm talking about people that illegally cross, not ones that seek "asylum".
You left wing nut jobs can identify 76 genders, but you can't grasp the simple concept that "illegal" isn't a race, and 100% of illegal aliens are criminals. Amazing.
Some say he’s still falling to this day
I salute you!
I salute you for saluting her!
Total Psych Job is it not? I cannot believe the sheer lack of any morale fiber in the spines of those who put this together. It made me borrow a poem!

Arise, arise, Writers of The_Donald!
Fell deeds awake: Memes and laughter!
Pen shall be shaken, Quarantine be splintered,
a word-day, a orange day, ere the sun rises!
Ride now, ride now! Ride to the Right!
No brakes.
Projecting hard. Much as they Project their Pinko Fascism:
https://gohmert.house.gov/uploadedfiles/google.mp4
how many death threats against police have happened in other subs

its a chant they yell anytime that a gang member gets arrested.
Excellent!
That's just the throttled number.
we will be shut down well before the election. time to find a new home
It’s really 60 gorillian!!!!!!
doing it
Done. He's in 4th.
Do it the Democrat way... vote early and vote often....works.
He still thinks Russia is the biggest issue
DeBlase has more votes on Drudge Report than he did in NYC running for mayor....
Done
done...LOL
Imma do it now haha
Done. I’m kinda shocked Gabbard is so far ahead.
Only 47k votes, get in there fam.
Done!
de Done
BUMP....BUMP.....  let's make this happen!!   LMFAO
Need more power. Only less than 2000 votes would put him over Pocahontas
Link?
Did my part
Damn! Done...still in 4th! Gabbard in 1st!? Bet that’s got Pocahontas’s knickers a bit frosty
He’s dropped to 4th. Need help. Operation Chaos.
Beto and Booker battling for last place!
Done
Did my part too
My vote is for Dante de Blasio
Done
Done
I only saw the closing arguments; he was the only one to specifically mention policy
Ha! (Done)
Go bang the Washington Examiner poll too. Don’t forget to vote in their primary too for whoever is last and switch back for Trump Time
Done
I wouldn’t mind tulsi replacing Bolton or pompeo honeslty.
LOL.. did we just enter a liberal bizzaro world from 4 years ago...go vote from trump lol
The only one too. His campaign is so slow rolling that he hasn’t even done a geopolitical threat analysis.
[](www.drudgereport.com)
[https://www.drudgereport.com/](https://www.drudgereport.com/)
At the moment the poll is at the link: " [**GABBARD LEADS POLL**](https://poll.fm/10351539) "
Thanks. Voted.
Thanks for making that easier
There are so many of these, people are starting to notice.  And they're so used to being unobserved that they're getting sloppy.
More people need to notice I think they will shit us down completely at some point then it’s up to us to share on our personal pages
Turns out msnbc is fully capable of fucking up their own broadcast all on their own without the efforts of a nefarious international conspiracy. Who'd have guessed.
Yeah, they hacked the debaters and made them terrible.
may be why the english dub is broken
Someone hacked her soulless vagina...unresponsive since 1995
No but they hacked your refrigerator and pantry with sweets.
When she farts she blames the Russians.
its fascinating how people are throwing away their prestigious journalism profession just for that small chance to sway voters
no Ana your candidates are really that stupid
No, but the Mexicans surely did.
All I see is her pretending to file her nails/pig hocs. Fucking ugly bacon cunt.
How honest of her to recognize the past three years have been a Russia hoax.
Подкрепление прибыло.  Трамп 2020!
I saw there was a problem. What happened?
Damn
Daaaaaaaaaaammmmmnnnnn kek
She doesn't give a shit about voters, just the money
Moose Knuckle Gunt
Gross. I love it.
You flipped the flag
Down with the traitors and up with the stars!
Not until they figure out how to ban churches.

Its coming, its right there in the Bible.

Spoiler warning: We win.
Union first when you hang it vertically
Makes scrolling way easier!
They used a false story as a justification to quarantine this sub and that was blasted to several leftist subs. I wouldn't be surprise if TD will be filled with leftist trolls that try to impersonate us in order to have us ban
They'll use false flags as an excuse to ban us, probably in a month or two.  It's all so predictable.  They're playing the game, and it's transparent to see, and they'll snicker as they punish their political enemies.
Quarantined subs ALWAYS lead to them withering away or a ban. This is the beginning of the end for us.
Just so, OP.  They are probing the defenses to find a way to exploit them.
I say they will have to back off because their lie that we called for violence against police didn't work (I still have yet to see a valid source demonstrating our call to violence - obviously because it never happened).

Not only did the quarantine energize every poster here, even worse, it garnered sympathy among non-Trump supporting liberals. Now imagine how much sympathy we'd get if they banned us.

Time for Reddit's admins to throw up the white flag. They tried to shut us down and failed in this go-around.
More agent provocateurs will come here and get us banned. This was a trial run. They will continue to post hateful comments on alt accounts, report those posts to the admins and the admins will eventually remove the sub. We need to have a fall back forum before its too late.
I think the plan is to ban us. The quarantine is just for show; "We gave them warnings, even quarantined them, we tried everything, banning was our last option! We're the good guys!"
The front page is filled with the hoax story. Normal users now think we are the worst place on the internet.
Not only do we get lefty shills pretending to be one of us, Spez once shadow-edited a user's post here. Reddit admins can edit any single one of our posts to make it sound violent and then claim we said it.

That's the kind of corrupt system we're dealing with.
This is the only sub that would keep me on Reddit.
Sympathy is cheap and short-lasting. All of the internet can raise hell if we are banned and it will make headlines, and liberals will be sympathetic, and we'll still be banned.
The last thing they want to do is redpill more libs as we move on to brighter pastures. But I don't believe we will have to move on. I'm convinced they're going to lift this quarantine soon. They can't justify it as we're monitoring all the posts very carefully and we're gaining new members at an exceptional rate.
They don't need to justify it, they just need the majority of Reddit to support it. And because the majority of Reddit is pro-censorship leftists, they have that.
Oh, there's nothing stopping them from doing it. But the effect it would have - especially if President Trump spoke out against it - would far outweigh the number of consenting users on the Reddit echochamber. Also consider Barr might suddenly take an interest in Reddit's business practices if they ban us. There are a lot of steps that they need to carefully navigate.
I think you overestimate how much they care about Trump's threats and underestimate the impact the_Donald has in its ability to redpill people. There's a reason they want us banned. There's a reason the left has gone full censorship mode, it's because censorship works to limit exposure to arguments that counter leftism.
We'll certainly see what happens! Whatever the outcome, I'm glad I could spend time in the trenches with each and every one of you.
Godspeed
Hop on to black lives matter and see the amount of post that are anti cop... report them if you can be arsed won't make a difference
The same idiots that call us bootlickers are saying we hate cops. Retards.
Standard democrat tactic. Claim your opponents are guilty of what you are doing. 100% track record, believe me.
Hop onto any other main sub and drop a "hands up don't shoot" cop-hating bs and get free upvotes.
The Donald:*literally nothing* Reddit: wTF we LoVE pOliCe nOW!
4000% fact.
Reporting them would be like a fart in the wind
/r/The_Donald

quarantined.

bigly oof.

You will forever be discriminated against for your politics, nerdboy
so true

they might has well have censored us for threatening the President (WE DON'T!!! EVER!!! NO VIOLENCE!!!)
We simply don't support fascists kidnapping politicians in another state where they have zero jurisdiction or authority.
I’ve not seen anybody here that isn’t a strong supporter of police.  Even when they’re ordered to not do their jobs (Portland, California).

I have seen multiple threats and horrible statements about and toward police on many other subs.  Especially ChapoTrapHouse and the Antifa sub.  Quarantines incoming, I suppose?
They know it. That pathetic excuse is going to backfire big-time
buncha bovine excrement
AMEN
You are most welcome here
They're trying to force us to bend to their will.

&#x200B;

It's not going to happen.
If our coat bot was working, you'd have one already. Welcome.
Glad to have you. Its plain through the Veritas release their ultimate plan is to program us. All of us. If i may beg everyone who sees this to watch one thing, its this:

https://gohmert.house.gov/uploadedfiles/google.mp4
We're glad you are here!
If you don't support unrestricted abortion up to birth, you're a misogynist. If you think we should have immigration laws and they should be enforced, you're a racist. If you don't want teenage boys in the locker room with your teenage daughters you're a bigot. If you don't support progressive dogma, you're a nazi.
Thanks for joining us. I joined as a moderate and have been pushed further to the right on a daily basis. The left have gone SO far to the left, that being a moderate today makes you a conservative and being a conservative makes you "alt-right". A bullshit symbol to make apolitical people think you are racist or evil. The reality is that the ones in power on the left simply project what they do to their enemies. And because we don't fall for their lies, we are their enemies. Creating fake accounts, posting hateful comments and then reporting those hateful comments to have us quarantined. Their behavior is disgusting and I'm thankful that more and more people see through their lies.   


Happy Containment!
Welcome to the sub! MAGA 2020🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
Thankyou!
RIP CoatBot
A link you can click on

&#x200B;

[https://archive.fo/ZmULb](https://archive.fo/ZmULb)
Based link merchant
Thank you for doing your part to keep America safe.  You are always welcome here.
Thank you for your service. You and all of law enforcement are welcome here!
The idea that The_Donald is anti-law enforcement is completely absurd. We're probably one of the most police friendly places on Reddit. Thank you so much for your dedication, for putting your life on the line, for your part in keeping America safe.
Same, I also posted about it yesterday. A more ridiculous claim has never been stated. Gaslighting 101.
Thank you for all you do pede
My bro-in-law is LEO in Georgia.  I have heard some good stories and seen some interesting dashcam vids.  Thank you, Patriot for your service!
Thank you for putting your life on the line to protect what you believe in
We have the best police officers, folks. Really great ones. The finest in the world.
Thank you and your fellow officers for all you do.
Your job is not an easy one and there are always bad apples who might drag down the good ones as well, but I am still fully convinced that most cops want to help their communities and protect their fellow citizens.
Thank you for Serving and Protecting us all!
This is a perfect example of the left accusing others of what they do.

Anyone who has participated here knows that we love our police officers, our military, our flag, our Country and all of it's people.

We have fun in this sub, we're delighted that President Trump was elected and we celebrate it every day.  It simply drives them nuts and they can't stand it.  Censoring us won't change a damn thing.
thanks for your service
Thank for the kind words and thank your bro in law for me
 You know, I mentioned that to quite a few people, young and old, men and women yesterday. Not a one gives a damn. In fact they 'expect' google to be like that.

Ponder that people, normies are not gonna care much about this stuff, they may listen politely but it just doesn't mean anything.

Jobs, economy, taxes, border, defense...those matter, not google or facebook or twitter or reddit, people just don't care.
Search “Jen Gennai” and pull up the video that’s about 25 mins long. Share the fuck outta it boys and girls
I guess they were afraid some questions along the lines of what are you going to do with google might get asked tonight.
I'm posting it everywhere and anywhere! I personally recommend the .gov link, as the chances of that disappearing are low, this it will force them to remove the post itself

https://gohmert.house.gov/uploadedfiles/google.mp4
Starting to relate a lot more to the Starship Trooper idea of those who don't fight are not considered citizens...
https://gohmert.house.gov/uploadedfiles/google.mp4

Trouble, saved, sides who knows if the search would turn it up at this point
We really need to just go back to the original model where land owners (net taxpayers in our current time) are the one ones able to vote
Welcome!  We love our police here because they are on the frontline trying to make America great.
Welcome. Have a look around.
welcome enlightened one. trust: you wont find anything menacing in this sub ever. You will find memes, glorious memes and they will  be funny.
Yep, of course we're biased here, but we don't claim otherwise, unlike every other sub. Glad to have your support :). Any questions as to why we believe any particular policies are right?
Welcome!
Thanks for having an open mind
Welcome 👍
I’m a casual lurker here...Super curious what exactly was flagged as violence? What example was provided?

I started lurking here in this sub because this was the only place that was reporting AT ALL about the Pulse nightclub shooting. This whole thing is real weird.
Great post!
Greatest fucking rockstar ever!
Reddit, Facebook, Twitter, Google are publishers, not platforms, and should be regulated as such.
He is a textbook crybully.  A virtue signalling, fake outrage regurgitating, soy guzzling enemy of free speech.
So he gets banned now, right? right?  Crickets?
Gosh ya think maybe he's gloating over his latest brigade assault?
He seems balanced.
Is he TRYING to Red Pill people?
The leftist cries out in pain as he stabs you in the back
https://twitter.com/gaywonk/status/1144011613961428992
The left need get over their self.. This censorship crap has to stop on social media!! Hopefully the people running the subreddit is getting ready carry reddit etc to court!!
ooo...ooo...do me!
He blocked me earlier because I asked him what made him become a fascist.  https://i.imgur.com/fuPGRvU.jpg
I cant believe anyone still follows this guy after he stole Joe Rogans jokes.
i havent read an inbox message since i created this account. 1066 unread messagesm
This clown is racking up a karma debt he can never repay. His future looks bleak.
Only his opinion matters? When does his hate against us come into question?
Oh, i'm internet famous by a bigot to his legion of bot followers.
Class action Reddit and this asshat
Classic faggot move.
Fuck you carlos maza

screen cap me you fucking loser
Weird thing is it shows he blocked me lol. I have yet to comment on any of his tweets (ever). I was just in there a few hrs ago liking some of people's replies to him.
He is doing a great job of helping re-elect Trump.
Damn, he didn’t repost me? Now I’m almost as butthurt as he is.
Only a narcissist insists that nobody see what offends him.
Watch as he explicitly demonstrates the gay agenda.
Oh come on! I didn’t even make his list?! What a pathetic loser.
Was anyone else hoping to make the list?
He doesn't really understand how this works, does he?
This creep is getting paid well to come after us.
Do it you lispy queer.
T_D has the BEST gay peeps!  No problem there!  You better believe it!
What a stupid lispy queer.
Unless you post about him here, we wouldn't know about him nor his whining. Why do you give such trash any attention? Don't give him credit for nothing, both of you are crying over nothing.
Bring it faggot
"Crybully" - awesome term!
Don't bite on this guy. Don't give him any more attention than he deserves. He acts as if ALL STRAIGHT WHITE MALES ARE IN CAHOOTS, but the LGBBQ community doesn't have a massive agenda? Really? They're not funding a ton of shit?

I repeat: don't bite on this guy or give him any more attention. It's just adding fuel to him.
sure, one in his mouth and one in his ass
right?  Look at those comments he posted.  What an idiot.
He is succeeding
His entire twitter is targeted harassment, but you know, Twitter won't do anything about it.
Crybullying isn't going away until the population as a whole is sick and tired of it, and the population as a whole isn't sick and tired of it just yet.
Careful what you wish for. That kinda sounds sexual.
So do you turn off the notification? That msg notification would drive me nuts
You actually bring up a good point.  Reddit is exempt from suits based upon content, however, Maza is not. In fact, I would say that he slandered T_D users and we now have damages as a result, namely infringement of our freedoms of speech and association along with damages to our individual and collective reputations.  I believe it's a tenable claim in federal court
Closing your eyes does not make him actually disappear. He has made it his job to get us shut down.

Spez: spelling
How so? He's made it his life's mission to destroy this place. And you're saying we should blind ourselves to him and his operation?
I'd much rather kick back and watch a video than worry about the Flaccid Maza.

Here's my top recommendation for everyone: https://gohmert.house.gov/uploadedfiles/google.mp4
a lot of people think doxxing is sexy
You are fascinating to talk to..
Ben was thinking exactly what I was thinking
tatanka
Fuck Ben Shapiro
Somebody should ask her to answer a question in Cherokee at the next debate.
That is funny stuff right there!
Whether you like him or not, it was a pretty funny tweet
Not even Cherokee, just start going "hey ya hah hah, hey ya hah hah" and see if she tries to answer
Oi. Do you work for him? This is a Trump sub. Ben Shitpiro is a never Trumper neocon warhawk Israel first manlet cunt. 

His shit is not welcome here.
All she can say is "***Need um wampum.***"
Release the Kraken!
I've been lurking for over a year on the T\_D. I rarely interact with social media. I am posting this now, knowing the ramifications of bans from some subs and being discredited in any argument on other subs for this new post history. I support President Trump. I am an educated person, who works in higher education, and have been silently watching all this censorship unfold. If this sub is banned, I will be part of the flood of facts that discredits the hive-mind narrative of popular subs. I do not care for internet points; this is an attempt to smother support for President Trump going into the 2020 campaign. I have resisted posting rebuttals in the common known anti-Trump subs, but I draw the line at censorship. There are many of us lurkers with the ability to articulately swarm the rest of Reddit with red pills. Reddit is waking a dangerous beast.
> If this sub is banned, I will be part of the flood of facts that discredits the hive-mind narrative of popular subs. I do not care for internet points; this is an attempt to smother support for President Trump going into the 2020 campaign.

Yup and if you get banned for wrong think, fire up a VPS + VPN + throw away free email and make a new user.  This will be a total shitstorm they don't want if they ban T_D.
Make T\_D greater!
Approximately 7,000 since I loved in on my laptop .... Been a long time since we've seen that big a number.
Prepare yourselves..it will be a bitchfest against Trump. I hate democrat debates.
AOC is too dumb to be Nurse Ratched.
[removed]
Democrats know they don’t have to be rational or reasonable to win 95% of black vote, 85% of Asian vote, 75% of Jewish vote, and 73% of Latino vote as well as a majority of college-Brainwashed white millennials. If Republicans don’t stop immigration immediately and help middle class white families grow and multiply, they will face an electoral catastrophe and the country will turn into a one-party totalitarian hellhole like California
This is gonna be a glorious shitshow

gotta stock up on booze tonight.
The script: I hate and freedom.  


No I hate liberty and freedom more and I want to buy your votes

No I hate liberty and freedom more than all of them
“I promise free Juicy Fruit for all”
I thought this was the live stream 

# ;-;
LOL Beto as Cheswick
oh this sub is about to get so spicy
Bernie is a committed Bolshevik bastard, Like million murdered by Marxists, Sanders won't get out of his insane asylum alive.
Is banging the beaver something to do with Elizabeth Warren? 

'Cause ewwwww.
Excellent. Gonna have to watch that movie again.
June 26–27 — Miami

The lineup for June 26 will feature Elizabeth Warren, Cory Booker, Beto O’Rourke, Amy Klobuchar, Julian Castro, Bill de Blasio, John Delaney, Tulsi Gabbard, Tim Ryan, and Jay Inslee.

The lineup June 27 will feature Bernie Sanders, Kamala Harris, Joe Biden, Pete Buttigieg, Michael Bennet, Marianne Williamson, Eric Swalwell, Kirsten Gillibrand, Andrew Yang, and John Hickenlooper.

Both Democratic presidential debates will air live @ 9pm ET on NBC, MSNBC and Telemundo. The Democratic debates will also be available as a free live stream online through [NBCNews.com](http://nbcnews.com/), the NBC News apps, Telemundo, and NBC News’ social pages on [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/NBCNews/), [Twitter](https://twitter.com/nbcnews) and [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/user/NBCNews). Streaming will also be available through a cable or satellite TV subscription via Sling TV, fuboTV, Hulu with Live TV, Playstation Vue, YouTube TV and DirecTV Now; free trials are available through most services, some markets not available.
I'm thinking the same thing..they wont attack each other, they'll go after Trump. The moderators will set it up that way..fake debates!
Only because it has already been decided that Biden is the chosen one. This is just theatrics for the useful idiots. 

Bernie might fight because he is the only one that could challenge Biden, but the rest are throw away donation collectors to feed the DNC champion to battle Trump.
"I hate Drumpf times infinity!!!"
The more they bitch about Trump, the more American voters arw going to realize the Dems are just bitches.
The Dems have no real platform.

Other than free shit for everyone, open borders and Orange Man Bad.

But none of those is serious policy.

They know they can't win on the facts or their records.
Half time show by Moron 5, followed by a celebrity endorsement by Natalie Porkman.
Do they have the brains to be able to concentrate though?
you are correct sir.
These % numbers are sadly correct.     
Plus ..400,000 illegals pouring over a month. It really is an emergency
#metoo.  got to pick up beers on way home from work.
;}
I seriously wonder if he is actually colluding/conspiring with the Russians in a long con. It’s plausible. He has been to Russia, he advocates for things that they like. He used part of the 1936 Soviet Constitution (I heard that part on Mark Levin’s podcast).
Last week that was definitely true, but for some reason the mainstream has started talking about Biden's son's dealings in the Ukraine, and how Biden got a prosecutor fired over there.
Plus 1!!!
Doc says I'm supposed to stay away from the booze, but I just picked up a bunch of Yeungling ice cream as a substitute.
I would love to think that there was some journalistic integrity out there but I really think that they are just trying to get out in front of it before Donald blows him up.
And I will give you free everything to infinity!
And it's yellow!
Is this a concentration camp now?
A yellow one at that.
>As a jew
This is good to see.

79% of jews voted democrat in the mid-terms, even worse than the 76% that voted Hillary in 2016

https://www.jpost.com/Diaspora/Jewish-Americans-are-now-the-face-of-Trump-resistance-571399

https://www.jpost.com/Us-Election-Results/Pollster-Jews-voted-Clinton-more-than-any-other-group-472201

These are worse numbers than latinos or black males.We need to have healthy, open dialogue about this and wake up jews as to what side they should be on.

Jews need to wake up ASAP. Democrats are not their allies.
As a Roma, I agree.

&#x200B;

THANKS FOR THE "Yellow Stars" Reddit!!!
I just got on today and saw this can some king pede help an elder pede and tell me what this fuckery is about?
Hey Reddit Admin, you are all cucks. I wear my quarantine with honor.
Quarantine is the new Warsaw ghetto. So what are we going to do beyond posting shit like " they really did it, this time for sure" threads, which at this time there's an endless stream of them being posted, can't really do anything can we? I'll make my own the Donald with blackjack and hookers that'll show Reddit.
Well the left aren't very well educated on matters of politics and history, so don't expect them to make the connection.
-Reddit to conservatives-

#PAPERS SCHNELL!
Need to make this a flair.
This is my badge
WTF I want one!
You can enter this into uBlock Origin to make it fuck off forever: 

reddit.com##.quarantine-stamp
Badge of fucking honour.  
  
They know how effective we are and are ***DESPERATE*** to stop us
A badge of fucking HONOR!  They are scared and the harder they resist the coming regulatory reckoning the worse it will be for them, in my estimation.
"Shut up ya jew... we are trying to help your brown jew brothers out of concentration camps... so they can vote!!!  As well as prisoners cause these are the only dopes voting Democrats cause we give them free shit....  now sit there and take it ya fucking jew...."~ probably most Democrats.  And I love calling Jews jews.... becuase it feels derogatory but it totally isnt.  Shits weird b. 


Before I get downvoted,  I'm not Jewish but I'm honorary.  I'm in a Jewish frat and I do jitsu with some of my closest friends that are Jewish and I love their cheap, welfare grabbing asses ;)
(Fashtag) Resist has a new new meaning now
Can we make this a flair for every TD user?
Reddit is protecting the Democrat Master (presidential) Race.
I'm on mobile. What's this? I know we've been quarantined, but why the mentioning of badges? Are we marked outside of the sub?
[removed]
Our Yellow Triangle
New flair?
No no, more like just shoving us into a ghetto.

The pogroms will come later, followed by the "Night of the Long Ban".
I think everything fits that bill now thanks to AOC.
Why the heck are so many people trying to get into concentration camps these days?
There's a concentration of people here so by the lefts admission, yes it is.
You exactly took the words out of my mouth.
I'm with you here....   But brainwashing is a strong thing...
It's funny because I just visited Israel for the first time and they are exactly what you are asking for. They are all enrolled in the military at 18 and face a constant enemy so they really understand the need for strong borders, tough foreign policy, etc. They fucking love Trump btw. It's a shame that American Jews cannot realize the reality of the situation.
Democrats need to wake up ASAP. Jews are not their allies.
I don’t believe these polls.  

The Left Jews I know are especially vicious- think white guilt on steroids.  If I were to come out of the closet as a Trump supporter, my whole family would be shunned by the loudest losers. My wife has begged me to stay closeted.  

Bottom line, when I get a poll call, I hang up- it’s not worth it.  When a Lefty Jew gets a phone call, they 100% virtue signal their anti-Trumpness with pride.  The polls get skewed.  

But in the seclusion of the voting booth...

Anyone else share this?
It Goes nicely with the scarlet "A".
https://old.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/c5setv/quarantine/
The being offended as a Jew is a joke...  I'm offended as an American
> reddit.com##.quarantine-stamp

oh thanks!  it is pretty annoying!
Fuck off leftist troll. It’s not gonna work bud.
didn’t think of it like that
100% agreed as a Jew myself
bill cinton is a rapist, infowars.com
There's your textbook example of collusion.
It's a war that they will lose.
almost!
PlEaSe DoNt ReGuLaTe uS
One of the benefits of this circus is the way it has revealed how interconnected they all are and how many of the puppet strings go back to the same places.
Don't worry about the quaratine. It's what they want. It's temporary. What they don't want is you memeing the debate. Do that.
Databattle.net
Vote for me I speak Spanish better. The debate.
Absolutely..
We love our law enforcement officers!!
Im color blind and always thought the arrow was red. Thank you.
Pound me too
They'll locationally add you to random subs too...
Jesus. Me too. Just checked and had to re-subscribe
Happens to me all the time. Especially when I want to upvote while on my mobile.
I was yesterday too.
Not bumped yet, no matter how much i post this link...

https://gohmert.house.gov/uploadedfiles/google.mp4

Perhaps i'm protected by an internet angel!
Wow, happened to me as well
I'm browsing new to smash that deport button, because that seems the criterion the admins are basing this sub to unbanworthy
Reddit is way worse than I originally thought. I thought surely they wouldn't close/limit a sub with 3/4 Million people in it...
Adversity is our strength. Did they not just see what our president endured and how our country prospered despite the deep state insurrection?

If they cause us enough hardship we'll just reinvent the internet.
SAME! Only reason I even knew about the quarantine. Thought I'd check upon TD to see what people were saying about the democratic debate last night. Turns out I was unsubbed and saw this sub being censored. Smh!
Brits have our back!
My subs okay too.
this is exactly what we should all be posting right now. so many new people joining us may never heard of the facts that we have known this whole time, all the stuff that redacted ignored and hid. open eyes and blow minds.
My thoughts exactly.
News to all of us, I've never seen any content like that and I'm on here 10+ hours a day.
Probably liberals coming in here posting the violent crap to set this sub up. They've done it to other subs.
Could the "stock up on ammo" comments have anything at all to do with Oregon Democrats threatening to bring back all the anti-gun bills that we thought were dead if the Republicans are brought back? Anti-gun bills such as limiting us to purchasing 20 rounds per month. Requiring background checks for ammo purchases. Straight up banning stuff. Nah. Not in a leftists mind, i guess...
* We're unsubbing from all subs except TD. If enough pedes do it reddit will know we mean business, pass it on! COPY PASTE SPREAD!*
Yeah, this is crap. I spend a lot of time in here and see how welcoming pedes actually are. It's just fun in here! 

The only negative shit I've seen is from a day fresh account that immediately gets downvoted to hell before being removed. Probably just a lefty here to get a screenshot to REEEE over in another sub.
Same here, and no, I didn't see these posts either...  and to say this sub *DOES NOT* support law enforcement is an absolute joke.
Fake news!
Yeah news to me, and if I'd seen people threatening cops on here, I would have reported them.
Translation: "We found a couple dozen comments 5 minutes after they were posted before moderators removed them, and now we're going to claim they represent a significant or even noticeable percentage of the subreddit's overall content."
They lie.
Hey stupid faces. Don't worry about the quaratine. It's what they want. What they don't want is you memeing the debate. Do that.
it's not time wasted on T\_D, it's fuel for 2020 baybee! :D
Dude it literally says its littered with comments inciting hate... then at the bottom says "yea... we deleted those...."  LOL! 

... dude this is kind of fucking scary....  are we in house of cards right now but instead it's the special Olympics version?
You know how I know it's bullshit someone made up? I mean, *besides* the obvious Media Matters photo credit?

>replaced with "Comment removed by moderator"

That's not how it shows up though. Removed comments show up as [removed]. So either they're editorializing, which calls into question the accuracy of what they're claiming, or they're making shit up again, which....well it's the same I guess.
Saw a similar bullshit article in the Oz media. All anyone who can read needs do is come and visit t\_D to see what's really being said
Me too.  This sub is an unhealthy obsession of mine.  I rarely miss anything.  This is a second account I made just for here, but my main account is 3 years old.  I was here since the election and other than the oddball troll, I never see what they accuse us of.
Yes they usually get kicked out within minutes, but they have time to take screenshots of their bullshit.
Or Spez editing our comments...  AGAIN. That's been done before too.
Its like when Hillary people post child porn in that large Bernie Facebook group so FB have an excuse to shut it down forever
100%  
  
And they astroturfed to the tune of about 300 votes in total.  
I'm annoyed if my post only gets 300 votes...
"stock up on ammo" is not threatening violence.
“Stock up on ammo” is probably a reaction to a Democrat majority run state and California is the canary in a coal mine when it comes to 2nd amendment restrictions. They see what’s happening in Oregon and hedge their bets on ammo being overly regulated or restricted to the point of being excessively expensive.
All it takes is a couple. The article mentions that most of the supposed comments have been removed so it really makes you wonder.
Exactly. I'm just saying there are many more reasons in play to "stock up on ammo" but of course they go right to accusing us of insurrection.
They're the ones committing literal insurrection...
Take a coat.
Welcome aboard. Beer is in the fridge. Chicken tendies on the table. Bathroom is down the hall.
Technically we're at fault for the death of galaxies then.

Really though, no ones died cause of T\_D and if Reddit wanted to kick T\_D back to life, this is the way you do it. We were actually being pretty slow and lazy, but here we are, day of the start of the election cycle and they're dumb enough to give this place a kick when it was nice and quiet.

Its like they want to lose.....again.
#WELCOME ABOARD THE TRUMP TRAIN - we have no brakes

^((The bot has a nicer presentation, but you get the idea)^)
Try posting and checking "new" they have fucked the whole place. We need more coats than ever it seems Winter is here.
**FOR THE LOVE OF GOD GET THIS PATRIOT A COAT! THATS 205,000-ish COATS HANDED OUT!**

We are 68.8% of our goal to coat the 298,695 great people of Anchorage, Alaska. Let's make sure everyone gets a coat in the United States! For every Centipede a coat, for every coat a Centipede!  [Meme Reference!](https://youtu.be/OiYVVT1aQFM)

^(\*coat bot is feeling under the weather, so coats distribution will be performed on a volunteer basis.)
Oh I am looking forward to 2020. I am going to love watching the regressive left eat itself while Trump walks all over them. If he goes all-in and shares God-Emperor Trump memes, I might actually cry with joy.
Gotta love the left's hypocrisy.
Should we be spamming reddit subs with pro t_D memes?
Need to be aware of how soft net-neutrality and hard net-neutrality differed. Same words but entirely different works.

EFF once described that what goes into the legislative process comes out unrecognizable. Maimed and disfigured with special arrangements and riders nailed to it to such a degree as to be unrecognizable.

The hard net-neutrality rules became negotiated arrangement with special concessions for both telecoms and tech giants. Particularly what the document was silent on was the poison pill that protected egregious behavior.

I'd like my soft net-neutrality back.

That ended the moment Verizon successfully sued to knock it down and since that movement we've watched the internet strain and buckle, becoming AOL with aspirations to be cable all over again.
Accusing T_D of hating the police is like accusing Trump of being a monk
Hello and welcome!
Hi! :-)
Yes, Trump is bad because he’s chaste and  a virgin and the_donald hates law enforcement lol
17k now
They can only win in 2020 by massive cheating.  Which they'll do.
Why would anyone watch NBC?
Censoring is clearly backfiring in BIG ways... so social media/the left's solution is to... wait for it... censor 10x harder.

2020 is gonna be a beautiful thing.
Up to 23k! Keep the dislikes coming!
Surprised they didn’t remove that for the debate
Reeeeeeeeeationed
I can’t keep up!
for the lulz.
Will democrats accept the election results when they LOSE?

&#x200B;

# Or will we see more sedition, TREASON and other bullshit?
It'll be gone tomorrow
He's afraid his jenkum will be rationed.
Now you have me refreshing.....it is getting bigger lmao
Going to soar after tonight's debate
"We've had them unofficially quarantined since before the 2016 election, they cannot show up on the front page, we suppress them in search, we hide their real vote counts, but people just keep going directly there... what should we do? I know! Let's make them into national news so even more people know to look for them!"


...great work clowns
Where can I view the sub count? Still says 760k for me.
Hey stupid faces. Don't worry about the quaratine. It's what they want. What they don't want is you memeing the debate. Do that.
..Yea, would be a shame if Reddit's clowns can't find and remove every government communication that should be protected after the supreme court ruled they are a right of the public on trump, much like this one: https://gohmert.house.gov/uploadedfiles/google.mp4
You just keep checking throughout the day.
Still amusing to see this sort of backfire and get us even more subs.
I keep refreshing my page and it gets bigger. Wow.
I know this is old school, but someone get this guy a coat!
Don’t be sorry. You have no reason to be sorry. You’re here when we needed you. We aren’t like they say we are, welcome home!
I for one, am very much enjoying all the posts about joining in!!!
How to access t_d from mobile devices

Login to old.reddit.com through chrome or safari

Go to old.reddit.com/r/the_donald and accept new terms

Go back to app. Should have access to t_d
Welcome welcome , I'm newer myself , joined after the nothing burger Mueller report landed and needed to see what this place was all about . Reminds me of the internet of the 90's . Total freedom of expression .
Dont be sorry, were glad youre here!
Welcome to the red-pill table. Eat your fill.
Out of curiosity...

If you've never posted or commented here before you might not have gotten your liberal care package of Wrongthink Ban Mail.  With quarantine breaking most bots and scripts, I wonder how long it takes to receive them right now?
All aboard!
We are glad you are here!
MAGA and thank you! i hope you enjoy the content, it is spicey and yum.
FOR THE LOVE OF GOD GET THIS PATRIOT A COAT!!!!!
We've handed out more than 7,000,000 coats since the inception of this domreddit, which is enough to cover nearly 33.354% of Rosie O'Donnell's disgusting abdomen .

Coat bot is feeling under the weather, so coat distribution will be performed on a volunteer basis
Is t_d different from this subreddit?
I feel warm and secure with my coat
What happened to the bot?
No Dear, t_d is short for The_Donald. You might also see T_D, td and TD and The_D. All short forms.
No, but it stopped appearing in my feed, so I followed this sequence and it came back up. I've been posting this In every new post in t_d I see in case others have same issue
They died with the quarantine.
Okay. Making sure, thanks
Sad!
Look on the bright side, pede.  Now they have to downvote by hand.
FOR THE LOVE OF GOD GET THIS PATRIOT A BRICK! THAT'S 146109 BRICKS HANDED OUT!

We are at 20.5791221632628073305486464% of our goal to BUILD THE WALL starting from Imperial Beach, CA to Brownsville, Texas! Let's make sure everyone gets a brick in the United States! For every Centipede a brick, for every brick a Centipede!

At this rate, the wall will be 1606.60998275801025079224496 MILES WIDE and 428.175925654838233107647676 FEET HIGH by tomorrow! DO YOUR PART! 

brick bot is feeling under the weather, so brick distribution will be performed on a volunteer basis
Dont you find it weird that the automodbot still work,
Is the cheese maker dead too?
The first casualties in the 2nd Great Meme War😥
 

FOR THE LOVE OF GOD GET THIS PATRIOT A BRICK! THAT'S 146110 BRICKS HANDED OUT!

We  are at 21.5791221632628073305486464% of our goal to BUILD THE WALL  starting from Imperial Beach, CA to Brownsville, Texas! Let's make sure  everyone gets a brick in the United States! For every Centipede a brick,  for every brick a Centipede!

At this  rate, the wall will be 1606.60998275801025079224496 MILES WIDE and  428.175925654838233107647676 FEET HIGH by tomorrow! DO YOUR PART!

brick bot is feeling under the weather, so brick distribution will be performed on a volunteer basis
 [WE JUST CAN'T STOP WINNING, FOLKS! THE TRUMP TRAIN JUST GOT 10 BILLION MPH FASTER!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hgM2xN5TPgw#196849385117000)

# CURRENT SPEED: 320,709,385,117,000 MPH!

At that rate, it would take approximately 5.232 years to travel to the Andromeda Galaxy (2.5 million light-years)!
F yeah!
What about the Beto bot?
F
F
F 😢
#F
F 🙁
Don't forget Tay, the first casualty.
F
F
And the ludicrous bricks bot too.
F
F
Ludicrous Fs, Enough Fs build a wall, or fashion a warm coat!

F
FfffffffffffffFfff
# F
F
##F
**F**
Yes :(
#eFFFFF!
Don't you mean Robert Francis O'Rourke?
He's looking for soy tacos.
WTF IS THIS BS!!!!
Exactly! I can't believe I didn't realize it myself. Have a brick! .....or is the Brick Bot disabled too?
Agreed pede the war for the election begins tonight and they are trying to take us out.
They're rigging the debates again and they want to make sure that nobody will call them out.
Oh my god you’re right! This is insanity
They want you backed into a corner, hoping you will give in to their totalitarian ideology.

Don't ever surrender to these people.
I saw this too, but I've seen it happen before, so weren't we already quarantined? We were already prevented from appearing on the front page. Or is this some new thing they've done?
when you sling so much truth as us you have to be shut down
This post!
Exactly my thoughts!!
Politifact rating: Extremely true
This will only intensify the Scoville Heat Index on the memes produced from the debates.
We need to just completely stop with reddit.  If all of this sub went o voat I'd be there.
https://www.mediamatters.org/research/2019/06/24/A-pro-Trump-subreddit-is-full-of-calls-for-violence-in-support-of-Oregon-Republicans/224018
This is possibly the biggest tragedy if brick bot as well as our many other russian bots were disabled.
Bots do not work on quarantined subs.  No coats, no bricks, no Trump Train.  But also no common-misspellings bot, so we got that going for us.
> Or is this some new thing they've done?

New. When a subreddit is quarantined, it's no longer showing up in search or listed on reddit, and users have to be logged in (with registered email), and opt in, to be able to see the content.
Yep. Brick Bot is disabled. If I could I would take their coats.
Ah, so it is worse than I feared, and obvious meddling on the eve of the debates. Thanks for the info.
Something's fucky
What's with all the quarantine pages when you click on a post?
WTF? 

"This community is quarantined"

The_Donald has finally been hit with the ban hammer.
<3 I want to see this movie RIGHT NOW!! <3
[deleted]
Excellent song choice. First concert I ever saw.
Can we skip to the end of the movie where the house of cards falls and we beat the house?
You can’t just keep doing trailers. That’s not how any of this works.
Still waiting for Barr to DO something, before I celebrate.
Aaannnndddd we’re quarantined
🍿🍿🍿 what a movie
meme discord up, pm me for invite
Sigh. I'll probably get banned for this, but here goes. It's a really short clip on who is responsible for it all.

 [https://youtu.be/DpwUr\_JFXYY](https://youtu.be/DpwUr_JFXYY)
...  I'm thinking it means we've been quarantined.  

I have no idea what that effectively means besides I guess stuff like getting throttled or taken off the front page or just deleted or...  Wait...  

So what do they call what was happening before?!  (Guyz, were we on double-secret-probation?)
I was about to post a comment about that too. I think it just got quarantined within the last hour
It means T_D will most likely be gone with in 24 hours.
Just happened to me a few minutes ago to
Our days are definitely numbered we need to prepare
Poop just hit the air circulation device and now they're going to clamp down and everything to keep information from going out. Now
I give it 24 hours before this sub is completely removed. That faggot from VOX started it yesterday, he has to have some kind of power to get all these people deplatformed.
 

You can wath the whole series.

TRAILER 1: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JTxrrRDdxqA](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JTxrrRDdxqA)

TRAILER 2: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bOggBfnR8eo](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bOggBfnR8eo)

TRAILER 3: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=\_YGMOkU9PNk](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_YGMOkU9PNk)

TRAILER 4: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ErR89j\_O0Uk](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ErR89j_O0Uk)

TRAILER 5: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L9vcZj7-bxk](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L9vcZj7-bxk)

TRAILER 6: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wB-ALCL98vM](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wB-ALCL98vM)

TRAILER 7: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VUMOFSjyn6Q](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VUMOFSjyn6Q)
She's awful..
lol talk about double entendres...
It's not a movie without a buildup.
I'm not really one for following rules.
Oh no, what are they going to do, throttle our membership by 15x, hide us from search results, vote brigade our posts, and tag us for identification and ridicule site wide?

Oh wait...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y0cF2piwjYQ
I got a message stating it was quarantined due to violation of reddit  policy and had to click the "Im aware" button to proceed.

Get ready folks, we will be gone soon.  We need a meeting place STAT.
You must be another old person to use that phrase
Happened to me about 10 minutes ago
I thought they were going to wait until right before the election want to be really effective because nothing could be reversed in a short. Of time before the election but I think yesterday is Project Veritas turned everything into a hot War
what hit the device recently?
Where do we go when this sub is gone?  We need a solid meeting place.
<3 Thank you <3
Called for violence in the streets.  Just to cover her own foul deeds.
Deal!
You already can't hide us from searches
Google will do that part
I think project Veritas just moved us from my internet Cold War too a hooting war

Their nuke will be to attempt to suppress the information that went out yesterday
Yep, pretty sure by COB tonight President Trump will have been informed of what happened to one of his biggest supporting internet fan clubs.

We'll see if he acts I guess. This will be a tell tail sign if we win or lose in 2020. If this very large social media fan club is allowed to be deplatformed we will be in serious trouble for 2020.

This sub will be deleted by this weekend, count on it, thats how this always works. Weather anything is done about it remains to be seen.
Don't know TBH. Until the powers that be decide to do something, they have no one to blame but themselves if they get cheated out of office in 2020.

The Executive branch needs to act on this obvious breach of federal election laws. 

Guess we'll see, I'm not holding my breath.
He's already been speaking out about the other companies this morning
Lyin Ted and the guy from Missouri or wherever it is from flyover country who put in that bill need to be told about this
Well she is an ACTRESS, hired to play the role.
*Cheeeeesse*
You didn't see any mexicans

  
Because they weren't there!
she may be crying after seeing a city where you can actually find parking
It's the kind of content the rest of Reddit *ought* to be seeing. 

Performance and pandering by the idolised AOC. She's a vacuous fool and it's a damned shame that others will not be exposed to the reality behind her 'oh so fucking emotional' statement about the 'concentration camps.'
She needs to do some squats...
Is that the shot with the furrowed brow? I bet it is!
Needs Brie Larsons buttdouble.
Yeah, not a flattering shot to say the least. Should've aimed at the rack
Not sure, but dude seems to definitely be taking a muff shot.
Follow [@TheDonaldNow](https://twitter.com/thedonaldnow) on Twitter to never miss a live President Trump event!
###**LOL**

"He's from Queens, I'm from Brooklyn, we talk like that..."
Nothing like some live GEOTUS on as I work! Inspires me to work harder, focus on what matters and own the tough calls!
He is such a great communicator.  The left wouldn't know what a great communicator sounds like if it bit them in the ass.  Obama was a decent communicator when guided and coached, but Trump just oozes charisma and magnetism and people relate to him and his vision everywhere he goes.  Being an effective communicator is more than sounding like you just got coached by a Harvard debate professor, at least when you're talking about great communication outside of the "elite" circle.
I wonder what Trump is going to be speaking about here.
It's a shame so many people are brainwashed by the propaganda and miss out on watching this superb executive in action.
Trump: "We are protecting religious liberty..."

CNN Breaking news: "TRUMP ORDERS EXECUTION OF NON-RELIGIOUS PEOPLE."
I'm at the hospital waiting room and they have the view aka 🤡🌎 on the TV. My dad is getting a 5th stint in his heart since his last artery there has 50% blockage and his heart muscle is getting weaker. Prayers would be much appreciated since the last time this happened he had a mild heart attack. Thanks for the link!
Trump's reshaping of the judiciary will be a huge part of his lasting legacy. TRUMP 2020, 2024, 2028...
We need to get more seats in the Senate as well, 60 or over.
#HIGH ENERGY NATALIE!
Love that Trump allows the full song "God Bless the USA" to finish playing. :)
coffee with GEOTUS is always better than coffee with Scott

(sips)
Oh. Bill Bennett is there!
Nice to hear we are getting great results from Trump's Criminal Justice reform law. Now if only Congress can get to work together on other things.
She's simply awesome.
Rotten!! Faux Fox News cuts away from this!!

When a woman comes on to talk about how the right to try legislation saved her life — and as soon as she talks against the Obama administration — they cut away to Harris Faulkner!

Just try to tell me bias isn’t there!!

It was like I was watching CNN... 🤡🌎
Not trying to highjack, but I keep posting and nothing shows up.  Can anyone respond to let me know I'm not shadowbanned?
Love that Trump announces his accomplishments, something the Dems and MSM refuse to see.
Well at least we know where he's heading after this.
ROFL! The president is cracking me up! :)
Trump has got a good point. Haven't heard a lot of free speech being squashed in a while on college campuses.
4 MORE YEARS! 4 MORE YEARS!
The Dems are just wanting power, and that is what hurting them real bad, even though they refuse to see it.
That arena last Tuesday was packed outside and in for Trump's reelection rally.
From what I've seen of the left, including the candidates, none of them have the energy that Trump has.
Trump's talking about Fox News.
THE GORILLA CHANNEL???
Trump's bringing up Natalie, the young woman that is surviving thanks to Trump's right to try act!
Natalie is one strong woman there!
God Bless you Natalie ❤ God Bless President Trump!
The Dems won't give the money to Trump because to them that's like giving Trump a win there.
Wow Right to Try lady Natalie was just called up to speak by POTUS. Very amazing lady who loves our President.
Sara Carter has something on Guatemala  on her website with her podcast about this aid.
unpopular opinion incoming: I care a LOT MORE about homeless vets than illegal alien children

help the former, deport ALL the later, stat
FEARLESSLY FAITHFUL

Trump gets it. Why is no one else brave enough to draw the distinction about from whence where our rights and freedoms are derived and what the role of government really is?
And it has started up!
one justice

or two

or three...
Its official.  McCain is in hell.
ICE and border patrol really need help.
haha, just missed! stupid foreign leaders. maybe next time!
WE should not be tramping on any religion. THough it shouldn't be used to commit heinous acts.
Ladies love to shop at Wayfair for house stuff--decorative things, furniture, etc.  They're planning a walk-out because POTUS is buying beds for migrant kids so they don't have to sleep on the ground.  SMDH.  No more Wayfair for this household!https://www.cbsnews.com/news/wayfair-employees-plan-walkout-after-companys-sales-to-detention-centers/
safe travels sir!

knock 'em dead in Japan (as usual)
Fantastic speech there from President Trump. Can't wait to see coverage of him in Japan for the G20.
someone told me the sub was down.
Test
Loved that moment!
This Pede is with you in spirit. Tell your dad his friend in California says hi and to hang tough. You too.
Sending prayers and blessings. Stay strong and positive ❤
Well sure, but no-one can compete with the GEOTUS. That said, I do enjoy raising my cup/mug/stein/chalice/vessel/tankard and sipping a beverage with Scott (I like coffee). Ahhhhhhhh.
I'm seeing your posts here.
I've seen her a few times and she is a potent supporter of the GEOTUS. really like her a lot.
Natalie is good

hope to see/hear more from her
Yet rotten to the core Fox News cuts away from it when she comes on... They really are pretenders, and they are very much anti-Trump as well.
Well we shouldn't allow children to be used by criminals that are trying t get in here illegally. No kid deserves to be used that way.
At least he’s seeing a lot of his fellow politicians there!
Thought the same thing last night and have bought a TON from them.

##**GET WOKE GO BROKE**

(spez to add I am actually a *male* and found Wayfair a remarkably painless way to go, but hey, once you mix in propaganda and hate, I'm back to the brick and mortars. La-Z-Boy Showroom, will you ever take me back?)
Well, the CEO can at least find new workers there, if they want to walk out.
Thank you! I'm sure he will be fine despite being 70 years old. Him and I always browse on here and I keep him up to date with all the memes as well.
Thank you all so much for this. I showed it to him right before he had his surgery and it almost brought a tear to his eye. It was a success!
here's some competition /s

 https://babylonbee.com/news/joe-biden-promises-followers-eternal-life
Thanks
Did not like that they cut away, but most of them are not anti-Trump. Remember that Trump said they cover him fairly, and that's what and news organization is supposed to do on any story.
agree

but the USA cannot become the orphanage for the cartel's used victims, when we have our own child-citizen-poverty problem
I called and let them know what I thought.
 Corporate's in on it, I thought.
The gratification of seeing Trump fixing America and bringing it back to what your Dad once knew must be very energizing to him. MAGA on!
There's something... wrong... with Joe. Something just isn't right...

(referencing this morning's CWSA)
There are probably 6 to 8 people who work as reporters or commentators on Fox news the support trump the rest of them I don’t think so including by the way Brett Baier and especially Chris Wallace who clearly hates Trump. Sad!
Whoa. I'm not saying that there. BUt this does need to be stopped!
Trust me, there are a lot more then 6 to 8 people that support Trump at Fox News.
it does, got your back
I’m sure but I’m referring to on camera.
Even on camera, there are more then that.
great meme
I didn't do anything wrong.
Absolutely.
I wish I could get a brick.

Or a coat.

:(
They killed the Trump Train bot. 🤡🌍
Trumpbots did nothing wrong! All Trumpbots Matter! 👌🐸🇺🇸
Beto O'Rourke bot are you still there?
They'll be back. Reddit is gonna get full court pressure until we're reinstated. This is not the hill they'll choose to die on.
Give this guy a coat

:(
We need to copy and paste the brick, coat,  and train bot script and reply to comments. It's work bestowed back upon us, but it ain't easy being green !
Why are they gone? Is it part of the CSS thing?
hey you know what conservatives are good at?

making things!

we'll make news bots and they'll be better then ever!

ban those bots

we'll make them again!
[deleted]
Plus side: comment scraping and downvote bots were also broken.

Checkmate, fuckers.
They were... good bots...
Contact your representatives. I've been pressing Sen. Cruz hard about this for 2 years and I think its starting to work. Don't let up
Did they quarantine the bots too?
I could really use the automatic friendly reminder that Robert Francis O’Rourke uses a fake Spanish nickname right about now :( always made me smile. RIP bots.
F
F
F
F

10feet taller mate.
;_;

RIP brick and coat bots

F
Got a brick?
F
**FOR THE LOVE OF GOD GET THIS PATRIOT A COAT! THATS 205,501 COATS HANDED OUT!**

We are 68.8% of our goal to coat the 298,695 great people of Anchorage, Alaska. Let's make sure everyone gets a coat in the United States! For every Centipede a coat, for every coat a Centipede!

This bot was created by devious1087, feedback always welcome. [Meme Reference!](https://youtu.be/OiYVVT1aQFM)
I’m not the bot, but here is your brick, my friend!

#🧱
**FOR THE LOVE OF GOD GET THIS PATRIOT A BRICK! THAT'S 137951 BRICKS HANDED OUT!**

We are at **19.4302193004097485014955808%** of our goal to **BUILD THE WALL** starting from Imperial Beach, CA to Brownsville, Texas! Let's make sure everyone gets a brick in the United States! For every Centipede a brick, for every brick a Centipede!

At this rate, the wall will be **1516.91525263127461950776812 MILES WIDE** and **404.271478084776939629815647 FEET HIGH** by tomorrow! **DO YOUR PART!**
🧱 🧱
We will get them back. If not at least there was a time of bricks and coats. Of pedes and prosperity.
🧥🧥

As close as I could get for now.
Honestly, I thought it attained speeds never thought possible and ripped a hole in our dimension.
[WE JUST CAN'T STOP WINNING, FOLKS! THE TRUMP TRAIN JUST GOT 10 BILLION MPH FASTER!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hgM2xN5TPgw#87149385117000)

**CURRENT SPEED: 87,149,385,117,000 MPH!**

At that rate, it would take approximately 19.238 years to travel to the Andromeda Galaxy (2.5 million light-years)!
You mean Robert Francis O’Rourke?  

SHAZAM!!! 

I’m not a bot but I will beep boop you back anyway!
 

**FOR THE LOVE OF GOD GET THIS PATRIOT A COAT! THATS 205,502 COATS HANDED OUT!**

We are (%age) of our goal to coat the (population) great people of (City,State). Let's make sure everyone gets a coat in the United States! For every Centipede a coat, for every coat a Centipede!

This bot was created by devious1087, feedback always welcome. [Meme Reference!](https://youtu.be/OiYVVT1aQFM)

&#x200B;

hope it helps,

&#x200B;

F
Already done!

I can also do MOAB bot and Cheesemaker Bot for laughs.
Bots can't click through the Wall of Spez
i dont think so, but i think bot functionality is lost when quarantined.
omg you're being so violent

wow fuck freedom of speech n shit
It seems like bots can't access quarantined subs? I'm not sure why that would be, though.

How about QUAD BRICKS!

#**[QUAD DAMAGE!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uG6oBC0Ym5)**
**FOUR BRICKS! FOOOOOOOOUUUUUUR! LADIES AND GENTLEMEN, THIS CENTIPEDE IS ABOUT TO DOMINATE!!!**
**THAT'S 133760 BRICKS HANDED OUT!**
We are at **18.8399223899994052928942080%** of our goal to **BUILD THE WALL** starting from Imperial Beach, CA to Brownsville, Texas! Lets make sure everyone gets a brick in the United States! For every Centipede a brick, for every brick a Centipede!
	
At this rate, the wall will be **1470.83083262868187331269120 MILES WIDE** and **391.989568097511170233518720 FEET HIGH** by tomorrow! **DO YOUR PART!**
That's a fucking beautiful line. I'm gonna steal it.
Agreed.
Thank you.
##Some brave patriot has called in a **MOAB** strike! God Emperor ***Trump*** lays waste to your opponent! That's **52,509,600** pounds of **FREEDOM** dropped so far! Thanks to the efforts of supporters like you, ISIS is now **WASWAS!**
Practice your shootin', it's **Vladimir Putin!** I won't be repeating it. My wife and I sold our wedding and engagement rings to buy guns and gun training courses. We won't let them take our ethnic neighbors some day. We all need to train ourselves to protect our democracy before it's too late. It sucks that I wake up crying every day now because this is our world. I wasn't meant to be a soldier I was a cheese maker . I made fucking cheese. But now I'm a soldier thrown into some Hitler remake god it's awful. That's **7,502** pounds of **CHEESE** lost so far. Time to cry myself to sleep.
Lmao it’s seriously starting to piss me off
Maybe it's because I can't stand the new interface and use oldreddit, but I don't get those popups.
Use an app like reddit is fun.  No pop ups.
1) download Brave
2) use Brave to browse reddit
3) enjoy no ads and no bullshit
I got the initial pop-up on Reddit is Fun... Not a single issue since.

I also have the paid version of the app so Reddit doesn't make ad revenue off of me
Reddit is becoming a police state!
I don’t get this with Bacon Reader
Stop using the official app and use "Reddit is Fun" which doesn't display any such message. And it's much better in general anyway.
Apollo is good for iphone
It at first was sorta funny where it said it was quarantined and then showed the sub description and what looked to be (if you weren’t familiar with Reddit) the reason we were quarantined

but now it’s terrible
Same here. old.reddit.com works well.
This. I do this and I didn’t know there were pop ups.
oh thats why I don't get the popups. I opted out of new design as soon as they implemented it.
9:36 here on Cuckifornia and can't wait till 2020!!!!!
> It’s midnight for me

Are posts delayed? I posted a couple things and they haven’t showed up in “New”... and I just saw your post at 12:35 EDT.
Election Night had lots of active pedes!! It was a yuge party!
Soooooo prob about 100,000
It was 42000 hours ago. It's probably among the top reddit events of all time, perhaps on top.
They angered the beast. Lots of us are fucking fed up with this type of shit. Believe me it’s only going to get worse from here on out. Meme war 2 has officially started.
The Comey hearing was a record breaker for active users
Almost 10k Pedes online at 0500 hrs eastern...that's impressive.
Hi no, I checked your history and your last 2 posts are held up for some reason. You could ask the mods why and they will tell you, but they're really busy now so it might take awhile. They just helped me with something I think it took about 10 hours, That's not usual, but sure is understandable!!!
Being on here during Election night was one of the best times I’ve ever spent on the internet. I’ll never forget that night.
Election night had crazy high numbers. It was legit legit
Thanks for the help. I won’t bother them... they’re busy enough as it is.
💯
Aww, you're a good Pede.
Too bad that dick morpheus took a pay check to tall shit about trump in that celebrity "colution hysteria" video.  What a blue pulled cuck... ffs, the creator of the red pill...
Ironic
